21 Stories Our Readers Loved 2017
This year felt like 50 years . We lost sleep . We woke disoriented . We embraced comfort food drink . We everything could look away The Trump Show , yet , often found unable stop scrolling . We felt beaten never quite beaten , way . We protested . We resisted . We stopped putting old bullsh*t. What follows 21 stories—out thousands published print online—that particularly resonated readers past 12 months . They 're stories love , death , politics , race , food , fighting , women , men . They 're stories present outside world stories behind closed doors . We leave 2017 exhausted invigorated ; still optimistic greater change . We 'll keep telling stories , 're grateful 'll keep reading them.Kate 's Still HereDeloy Oberlin n't know much time wife left , knew wanted spend final days together fulfilling last wish.by Libby Copeland For three days humid stretch July Newton , North Carolina , cars lined along dirt road outside home Deloy Kate Oberlin.Musicians farmers doctors came , friends family neighbors . They showed hands full . They carried homemade chicken potpie sweet potato casserole tamales apple cake . They carried fiddles banjos , bass , dulcimer , six-string guitar . They brought girls fancy dresses boy holding fidget spinner . They walked door admired family pictures along hall , hugged Deloy , asked doing. “ Come visit Kate , ” ’ tell them.Bill Maher Knows Exactly What He 's DoingJust ask . Stephen Rodrick A weeks Bill Maher nearly blew career second time , middle-aged man named Billy Martin warmed audience come watch filming Real Time Bill Maher . Martin , Maher 's head writer , stood L.A. soundstage Real Time broadcast live Friday nights , one used The Price Is Right . He asked conservatives audience , skewed white rowdy . A guy Tommy Bahama–style shirt raised hand . `` How drive Orange County ? '' Martin asked.The crowd laughed , unaware Martin would use joke next week . He finished routine urging standing ovation Maher , blew kiss audience moved toward mark stage.The Untold Stories Election Day 2016What really happened ? Esquire Editors On November 8 , 2016 , America 's chief storytellers—those within bubbles media politics—lost narrative controlled decades . In space 24 hours , concept `` conventional wisdom '' seemed vanish good . How happen ? What follows 40 brand new interviews behind-the-scenes stories deep inside The New York Times , The Washington Post , CNN , Fox News , more—plus first-hand accounts campaigns , . We 've spent year hearing spin . Now 's time truth.The Bro Romper Exists And I Do n't Want Live This Planet AnymoreRompHim wants next big thing menswear.by Christine Flammia There 's lot thank bros terms modern menswear . They 've brought us boat shoes fleece vests . They 've embraced body confidence 5.25-inseam shorts . They 've even made us rethink means wear classic gingham shirt . But today , might possibly bro-iest style move bro style , new brand launched Kickstarter might change face menswear : RompHim.No , 's romper . It 's romphim . Well , actually , romper 's made dudes . Let 's clear : We happily invite people wear whatever makes feel like , gender labels damned . But woman decidedly anti-romper sort , I 'm sure train I 'd recommend anybody hopping aboard . Do idea hard pee things ? ( OK , fine . This one zipper fly . But still dangerous territory . ) Finding Meaning The Book Henry , Best Worst Movie YearAn unnecessarily thorough review unnecessary movie.by Dave Holmes I saw The Book Henry , I feel like I 've mugged Decemberists song . I confused , annoyed , exhausted—and n't mean I n't recommend . I actually want everyone see The Book Henry , I n't club myself.I confess I knew nothing going . I heard trailer berserk , extreme reactions movie trailers nothing new . I come across vague tweets bananas movie , everybody knows put much stock one hears Twitter . Still , I intrigued , I decided I going , I going blind.The Masochist 's MarathonThe world 's top ultrarunners fight compete Barkley Marathons , ever-shifting race designed madman break spirits 100 miles hellish Appalachian mountains . So far , 14 people completed it.by George Pendle A man begging side Tennessee mountain . He 's crumpled ground , clothes soaking wet , 's sucking air hard . His wife weeps huddles , hands resting softly arm . Above stands bearded figure wide-brimmed hat worn-out oilskin duster . `` I got pages ! '' pleads man ground . His voice shrill , hysterical . `` I dropped wrong side mountain fog . I swim river . '' He gasps air . `` I got pages ! `` A small group onlookers cover mouths stare . They look broken man ground inscrutable face bearded figure looming . `` He got pages , '' repeats voice crowd . `` He got pages . `` How Know If You 've Sent Bad TweetA deep dive 'The Ratio . ' Luke O'Neil Twitter much-maligned , ever-burning furnace existential dread . At best , 's efficient tool communication , even means telling people go fuck . But unlike forms social media , success post might measured terms discussion generates—a busy comment section blog post , thousands comments Facebook page—on Twitter , provoking significant response actually evidence opposite . The lengthier conversation , surer someone royally messed . It 's phenomenon known The Ratio.A Plea PresidentIt time Barack Obama join Trump Resistance full-time.by Charles P. Pierce Please stop telling us fairy tales . Stop worrying “ differences. ” There actual Nazis empowered around world . The conservative project simultaneously re-establishing Jim Crow Gilded Age , time good , far along fought fantasies great people misled , visions good Christians Little League games blue states . I ’ think voice resistance would resound deeply , voice defense civic values would compelling . But , ’ going resist , honest ’ resisting , If ’ going defend something , honest ’ defending against.Where women marched ? Where scientists marched ? Where Pruitt , DeVos , Sessions , endless assaults achievements ? I know rules norms guiding deportment ex-presidents , 's really time worry political rules norms , ? You called repeal healthcare law ( correctly ) `` act meanness , '' n't mention president* jacked-up frenzy pass . What hell ? How Vans Became Shoes Everyone 's Wearing—AgainIn early 2000s , Southern California brand irrelevant . Now ’ $ 2.3 billion global powerhouse worn pretty much everyone.by Jonathan Evans Back 2002 , Rian Pozzebon , relative unknown sneaker community , got offer join Vans help rebuild brand ’ ailing skate shoe program longtime friend colleague Jon Warren , one big question : “ Will let us mess classics ? ” At time , Vans ’ particularly interested core models like Slip-On , Old Skool , Authentic . “ The classics kind existed , ” says Pozzebon . “ But ’ pushed. ” Instead , languished—in basic colors—in Vans stores.The company 's focus directed elsewhere , newer styles . After riding wave ‘ 90s skateboarding boom , Vans faced new competition younger skate shoe brands like DC Osiris . These companies—born years earlier—favored chunkier , tech-forward silhouette ( word fashion community uses describe shape shoe ) . Vans ’ retro styling , comparison , felt stale . By early years new millennium , nearly decade sustained growth fallen off—as customers ’ goodwill.Why Get Out Is Best Movie Ever Made About American SlaveryJordan Peele 's horror film theft black bodies—but n't set Antebellum South.by Steven Thrasher Get Out kind taut Universal romp , Alfred Hitchcock finally contemplated existential terror race . Get Out really masterwork Afrofuturism , artistic scientific framework understanding race technology across time space . Writer-director Jordan Peele unabashedly uses classical Afrofuturist imagery depicting theft Black body protagonist Chris ( Daniel Kaluuya ) stumbles girlfriend 's mother 's hypnosis far void space— able look two dimensional view life rendered unable act . A recurring image Afrofuturism Black body abducted aliens allegory enslavement different eras places.In Peele 's hands , I found eyes looking Chris 's floating body thinking stolen Africans experimented upon ( thrown overboard ) , Henrietta Lacks ' stolen HeLa cells , Emmett Till 's little 14-year-old lynched body , music sports stars extracted Black neighborhoods white profit , government treating syphilis hundreds Black men Tuskegee study them—and , back Chris , lobotomized.I 've Worked Food 20 Years . Now You Finally Care About Female Chefs ? We deserved attention long sexual harassment made headlines.by Amanda Cohen Make mistake , I think ’ long overdue women feel safe enough come forward speak assault harassment experience restaurants , I ’ glad reporters holding perpetrators responsible . This 100 percent good thing . But press eager celebrate talents female chefs discuss victimization , ’ position first place.Women second-class citizens restaurant world . We less access investors perceived less profitable investments , large part , smaller profiles male chefs . We get nominated fewer awards , restaurants get reviewed less often , get less press coverage men.The Secretive Family Making Billions From Opioid CrisisYou ’ aware America siege , fighting opioid crisis exploded public-health emergency . You ’ heard OxyContin , pain medication countless patients become addicted . But know company makes Oxy reaps billions dollars profits generates owned one family ? Christpher GlazekSuperStock ; Science History Images/ Alamy To extent Sacklers cultivated reputation , ’ earnest healers , judicious stewards scientific progress , connoisseurs old beautiful things . Few aware crucial period OxyContin ’ development promotion , Sackler family members actively led Purdue ’ day-to-day affairs , filling majority board slots supplying top executives . By assessment , family ’ leaders pulled three great marketing triumphs modern era : The first selling OxyContin ; second promoting Sackler name ; third ensuring , far public aware , first second nothing one another.My Dad 's Confederate FlagAnd learning let go parts Southern `` heritage . `` By Trae Crowder One favorite pictures I 've ever taken shot late father holding oldest son , two time . Two important people life , smiling broadly : photographic representation What It 's All About . I love picture ... I never show anyone . Not I consider personal , painful since dad passed away . I never show picture anyone taken dad 's bedroom , behind photo , displayed prominently father 's wall , hangs Confederate Battle Flag.The Passion Daniel Humm , The Greatest Chef AmericaHow broken bones , broken heart , bizarre hunger agony got mysterious Swiss chef best restaurant country.by Jeff Gordinier Eat Eleven Madison Park bartender wheel cocktail cart alongside table make manhattan deftly balanced Philippe Petit tightrope ; snowy globe celery root come hot tender inflated pig 's bladder bathed truffled sauce ; sommelier open bottle wine firing pair tongs looks like Bunsen burner squeezing hot tongs right cork melt glass ; dessert , torrent blue flame pour white slopes Baked Alaska.These acts performed unflappable happiness , times , seem beyond human . To describe protocol Eleven Madison Park `` service smile '' force company flair-wearing fast-casual behemoths . But `` Make It Nice '' hashtagged corporate slogan Guidara Humm—it 's religion . They take niceness extremes . A friend mine dined Eleven Madison Park offhandedly mumbled something Game Thrones mead . Before meal , cup mead brought table . The job staff member known Dreamweaver acquire stray threads conversation waitstaff act information ( quickly , depart customary jar Humm 's handmade granola morning ) make fantasy come life . You 've always wondered would like could return apartment bare back snorting snow-white stallion ? Be careful wish . 'Repeal Go Fuck Yourself ' Is Full EffectThe Graham-Cassidy bill earning nickname.by Jack HolmesGraham-Cassidy opens intentional loophole states apply waiversto change definition within borders constitutes Essential Benefit . If , say , Mississippi successfully applies strike pregnancy list Essential Benefits , insurance companies Mississippi refuse cover procedures involved pregnancy , jack rates patients use services . It would essentially end protections states insurance companies sufficient influence state officials.A host red states opted Obamacare Medicaid expansion Supreme Court decision allowed . It free money federal government start , relatively small uptick state contributions line . However , would also win Barack Obama.Kyle MacLachlan Flirts With DarknessDavid Lynch 's reliable guide reveals Twin Peaks never end , everything Twin Peaks.by Tyler Coates What 's allure Kyle MacLachlan , anyway ? There obvious handsomeness , all-American look actor attributes one feature particular . `` It 's chin , '' says laugh . `` It 's hard get away . '' But 's something personality , , offsets—and maybe works tandem—with looks . He kind sensibility , inherent goofiness makes one naturally comfortable around . He seems heard , people tried describe without able put finger exactly . Back face , second : MacLachlan tells 's got edge , hears , served trademark sorts . `` There 's something off—that 's thing , '' says . `` People would always tell , 'Something face little bit . ' '' ( Writer Rich Cohen described , early '90s profile Rolling Stone , `` boy next door , boy spent lots time alone basement . '' ) Does sweat comments 's received indiscernible weirdness persona , face ? Not really . `` Listen , gets work , 's fine , '' says.The Betsy DeVos Hearing Was Insult DemocracyWho real grizzlies ? Charles P. Pierce WASHINGTON , D.C.—It hearing . It mere burlesque hearing , rendered meaningless preposterously accelerated process rendered questioning perfunctory left cheap evasions hanging air committee room way cigarette smoke used canopy proceedings back day . You would hire gardener process Betsy DeVos likely going become Secretary Education . A public school system would n't hire work cafeteria line lunch . It appalling . It unnerving . It grotesque evolved democracy operate . It business usual days likely n't going matter damn.As nearly I tell , nominees president-elect 's Cabinet fall several different categories . There people 'd pretty much expect Republican administration . ( James Mattis , Michael Flynn , Ryan Zinke ) . There people understand mission departments spent lives undermining . ( Jeff Sessions Attorney General , Rick Perry Energy , Andrew Puzder Labor ) . And people fundamentally clueless general nature public service . ( Rex Tillerson State . ) On Tuesday night , DeVos demonstrated rarest Trump administration fauna : Someone fits capably three categories.The Best New Restaurants America , 2017Right , want break bread good friends . We n't want gimmicks concepts . And n't want rushed . What want transported . And yes , course want another great bottle wine . Because want toast return real restaurants.by Jeff Gordinier Remember restaurants ? The ones keep going back ? Not places wait three hours someone texts . Not places drop , shave lump retirement savings , endure five hours high-concept origami brag accomplishment Instagram make beeline Popeyes ’ still hungry . Not . Not . No.In spite ( maybe ) cultural energy surrounding food movement past fifteen years , lot people forgotten restaurants actually . We ’ talking restaurants make want become regular , ones lure back another round cacio e pepe okonomiyaki . The ones sit order feel , couple hours , happier alive first walked . Those spots ’ raising toast . The list encompasses past couple years . Following writer Josh Ozersky ’ death May 2015 , esteemed annual roster went dormancy , ’ back ( hope ) spirit celebratory ravenousness . Acclaimed tasting menus sprouted years : Single Thread Sonoma County , Oriole Chicago , Aska Brooklyn . As much admire , ’ list . Too often , despite exquisite standards , tasting-menu format fails deliver simple pleasures.To paraphrase old song , want see bright lights tonight . We want go . Are ? If , best places United States America make happen.57 Things I Need You Stop Doing Women You Work WithI 'm begging : Do n't creep work.by Kaitlin Menza A female friend mine went foreign business trip early career two colleagues male , married , senior company . After dinner client , hours retired room , around 1 a.m. , one coworkers knocked hotel door asked would come drink . She declined . After another hour , around 2 a.m. , coworker knocked door . When opened crack , tried push way room . She fought . All three still work together.The narratives blend , euphemisms . That Hollywood executive bad apple . That TV host monster . That politician uses locker-room talk . It ’ alcohol . It ’ socializing . It ’ clothes . It ’ attitudes . It ’ vicinity women . It ’ video games , though I ’ heard excuse while.But fact , ’ . It ’ men . The social ill ’ quite put finger men.Niall Horan Has New Look , So Do n't @ HimWith # 1 solo record time Twitter trolls , One Direction member redefining means Niall Horan.by Jonathan Evans Niall Horan sure mechanical bull . We ’ middle photo shoot inside storied Texas music hall Gilley ’ Dallas—he ’ performing tonight ; fans camping week—and photographer asked member One Direction , one biggest pop acts history pop acts , climb picture . He eyes contraption look ’ one part curiosity , one part disgust. “ What ’ point shot , ? ” asks.There ’ really point , explain , ’ something thought would fun . You know : Texas ! Bulls ! Horan still seems dubious . After moments deliberation , makes call leave beast set another location . He ’ rolling punches , ’ first time anyone asked throw bunch designer clothes straddle giant robo-cow simply sake photograph . Which fair , is.The Girl From PlainvilleCan words kill ? Earlier year , young woman small town Massachusetts stood trial homicide . Prosecutors argued calls texts fueled boyfriend 's suicide . The judge 's shocking verdict answered question whether speech alone enough make guilty death , left larger question untouched : What Michelle Carter thinking ? The text messages started night son went missing . Lynn Roy saw first one around ten-thirty July 12 , 2014 : `` Do know ? '' She saw second next day : `` Did call police yet ? '' Then third : `` Any news ? '' The sender , Michelle Carter , familiar Lynn girl son , Conrad , texted . She guessed friends . It turned Michelle right worried : That afternoon , July 13 , police found Conrad parking lot Kmart Route 6 Fairhaven , Massachusetts , asphyxiated carbon monoxide water pump cab F-250 .
What To Do After Graduating College
Gary Vaynerchuk told 20 year old Taylor graduating college . Here ’ said : “ It ’ going happen next 6 years got ta accept . I gave entire 20s , ’ em . Imagine anything fun going anywhere next eight years , including Saturday Sunday . That ’ I 22 30 . Every day I spent hours day liquor store , thought liquor store , built liquor store , sold wine . Like spent every day . Like last weekend , ’ lie Taylor , last weekend ? What fuckin ’ Saturday Sunday ? Tell truth , ’ bullshit me. ” No bullshit Gary . I turned 27 . Last Saturday Sunday , I surfing Bali drinking Old Fashioneds coconuts.I absolutely love Gary V ’ advice general work hard , I ’ disagree advice graduating college.I ’ four years removed graduating college fun I ’ ever traveling world , pursing passion came way , building seven figure business . I spent weekends partying , exploring , attending festivals diving depths oceans . And I ’ bullshitting you.To , ‘ sacrifice ’ twenties , fun years life build successful business — ’ worth . I ’ show best worlds . How get faster , better enjoying life fullest.You might thinking I special advantage family business catapult , truth that… well ’ case.I grew raised single parent mother welfare . After graduating college , I spent entire summer playing Diablo III making tacos I rejected everything else including medical school , Fulbright , Princeton Asia more.I started business living couch working Q ’ Billiard Bar Westwood , Los Angeles bus boy making $ 7/hour . I ’ far naturally super smart anything.Gary V spent 8 years prime twenties selling wine liquor store . That ’ mean . If someone give Rubiks cube tell solve , ’ easier get bit direction strategy someone done already try figure scratch ? Especially Rubiks cube ticking clock like life ’ reset.Over years I ’ learned lot trial error.I want share start right track great plan achieve live life dream of.Here ’ graduating college:1 . Figure good at.People pay skills . When someone hires job , paying skill ’ ’ want . That ’ important know strengths order make living , build business , happy general.This also help start find things passionate , potentially passionate . Too many people say ‘ passionate ’ forget tell things passionate sometimes must found.I know certain things I ’ good , worse everyone else always ’ fun . Having good starting point good something builds confidence allows start becoming passionate something.You tend become passionate stuff good at.You might hear people say take risks fail . Then let guide . I tell right , I ’ fail figure I ’ good drawing . I ’ need self esteem take hit realize . Don ’ get used failing . I like winning , failing.Therefore , must know strengths . If strengths outgoing speaking people , ’ probably extrovert excel building connections , sales networking . If ’ creative already artistic background , make note ’ going able turn strengths eventually money.2 . Narrow list ’ good things ’ starting huge disadvantage.How ? Just ask question , I spent year really developing skillset , still going lot people simply better I started earlier stronger background ? For example , early I knew I good computers . I played lot computer games I technically literate . I thought learning developer.Then I realized… even I spent year two , every single day learning great developer , end result would still tens thousands people India going better I 10 years experience . And due cost living , ’ willing get paid fraction I would like . I ’ fighting uphill battle I ’ going win.Then I realized , I pivot skills ? I started researching found SEO ( Search Engine Optimization ) talking friend ’ Dad . He explained basics , told I ’ developer . I needed basic understand websites work . That beginnings journey building 7 figure business.However , take advice grain salt . Some skill sets ’ need much deep training actually pretty good . For example , ’ already great artist , probably ’ take much able transfer skill sets pretty good graphic designer.3 . Start learning even means working free little money.You ’ going need start somewhere . Buy books online courses Udemy.com depending ’ interested . Elon Musk first learned start rocket ship company reading books . Granted , background physics , served good foundation mentioned earlier . You find things free . Experience something harder get.Upwork.com another great place test skills freelancer able find people hiring skillset , selling skillset . Right , ’ making money , ’ building skill sets fast can.Your one hour time always going worth one hour time . But much get paid one hour changes dependent good . In beginning might make minimum wage opportunities learn . Then , start charge based value deliver.In short , hours day finite . The amount charge make per hour infinite . Focus latter.While , live home find another job save little bit money . Be humble , ’ better job . Don ’ worry paying back student loans right . Your time important . In months able saved chunk money , able grow skillset enough make money online Upwork.com somewhere else.4 . Travel.Take money ’ saved , even thousand dollars enough . Go travel alone . Go somewhere makes nervous , brings comfort zone . If ’ traveled , I recommend go Southeast Asia learn much break bank ’ it.The reason travel important expose different perspectives . You meet people give new ideas different know . You ’ see people living lives whether locals , travelers . You exposing new ideas , new insights , skills.Traveling alone also lets step comfort zone gives lot time think schedule . You ’ going friends pressuring party , go , drink , things might want . You world friends meet share new experiences with.Perhaps importantly though , fact realize something . You realize already fucking jackpot . You go traveling enter someone else ’ world check want go back first world home.You realize ’ scared take risk career , ’ delusional . You ’ realize people came ( e.g parents ) , worked ass create life opportunity . America land immigrants . Prior immigrating United States , parents endured Chinese Cultural Revolution Great Leap Forward , famine killed 55 million order give opportunity live better life.During travels , I ’ told countless times normal people various countries thing : “ It life dream go America. ” Yet often scared go DO want better opportunity insurance ? You realize even absolutely fail , make money , go broke , WORST case scenario us go live parents save money try . Not mention traveled world , made lot friends , exposed new perspective life.So ’ holding back ? 5 . Do 10 % more.This ’ rule applies graduate college . It ’ rule thumb every aspect life.Whatever , feel like ’ done enough , go little 10 % . This extra 10 % set apart 90 % people.Why ? The reason vast majority people try get life trying bare minimum . The people decide go beyond ’ need ones end standing crowd.In career , try deliver 10 % value others . Spend 10 % time learning craft.In fitness goals , ’ getting fatigued , try 10 % more.In relationships , try go way extra 10 % make someone happy.You ’ start becoming someone stand different others.Eventually 10 % start compound new baseline.If ever questions , comments , want chat , drop message feel free email dominic @ whyyounodoctor.com . Also , make sure checkout full website WhyYouNoDoctor.com stream new posts . I ’ support achieving goals.Oktoberfest MunichA resistance band workout 4,000 meters HimalayasThe John Lennon Wall Prague
Full transcript : Former Groupon CEO Andrew Mason Recode Decode
On episode Recode Decode , hosted Kara Swisher , former CEO Groupon , Andrew Mason , chats Recode ’ Kara Swisher The Verge ’ Casey Newton new company , Descript . The three discuss three companies — Groupon , Detour Descript — nothing like one another perfect time text-to-audio service . Plus , sure stick around part Mason tries give Michael Bloomberg horse . You read highlights , listen entire interview audio player . We ’ also provided lightly edited complete transcript conversation . If like , sure subscribe Recode Decode , Spotify , , wherever listen podcasts . Kara Swisher : Recode Radio presents Recode Decode , coming Vox Media podcast network . Hi , I ’ Kara Swisher , executive editor Recode . You may know person still says , “ Merry Grouponicus , ” spare time , I talk tech , ’ listening Recode Decode , podcast tech media ’ key players , big ideas ’ changing world live . You find episodes Recode Decode Apple Podcasts , Spotify , Google Play Music , wherever listen podcasts , visit www.recode.net/podcasts . Today , I ’ San Francisco Casey Newton , Silicon Valley editor The Verge host upcoming podcast Converge . How ? CN : Hello , Kara , I ’ great . How ? KS : Good . You ’ practicing upcoming podcast , Converge . CN : That ’ right . This second go-round . The first one successful , people demanded make audio content . KS : Nobody demanded . You demanded . CN : Well , I demanded oppose . KS : Yes , oppose . It got well received Twitter . CN : Yeah , good . KS : It well received , quite good . Now ’ today Casey ’ joining several episodes Recode Decode today ’ thrilled one favorite entrepreneurs , Andrew Mason , red chair . He ’ best known founder former CEO Groupon , 2013 co-founded mobile audio company Detour . He announced another new company ’ going talk , ’ declining put headphones . I ’ know . Are ... Andrew Mason : I feel like I ’ going point , I ’ worried ’ throw game . KS : No , ’ ... What game spoken , ’ clear . KS : No , I like . It ’ intimate . Put right . It creates feeling intimacy us . I think right creates power dynamic . CN : Oh , interesting . KS : Just put headphones . Put right . Thank . Isn ’ better ? Don ’ feel better ? Don ’ feel closer affiliated Casey ? Well ... KS : We ’ wait see . Yes . KS : Andrew , last I saw , Detour . First let ’ talk history I want get new company . We whole hour talk . Give people ’ know ’ famous ... oh , took headphones . I ’ . This better . KS : All right , fine . Whatever ... right . As usual . Andrew I long history struggling variety issues . CN : That ’ I like . Neither one likes play rules . KS : No , none us . CN : And ’ really playing . KS : No , since showed ... I ’ sorry , going throw headphones ? KS : I might , I might . Because ... place make stand ? KS : Could , knows . Let ’ discuss history . Yeah , let ’ . KS : Our long history together . I first met young entrepreneur Excel . I think Excel I met , time , came . You stuck head ... I came ... KS : You . You . We raised money Excel , might something . KS : Yes . You said meet guy ... Yes . Boy , right . KS : They ... extremely obnoxious , I remember . I liked . I thought kind funny . You talking museums started Groupon , unusual entrepreneur , comparatively . You ’ Silicon Valley . What mean museums ? KS : You talking people interested helping , museums things . We done deal Art Institute Chicago sold 5,000 memberships . KS : Right . CN : Wow . Something like 10 percent sell year . Many people went renew . Check : www.groupon.com . Daily deals best stuff city . KS : Okay . Talk short journey . People know happened Groupon ’ talk right . You ’ involvement , ? No . KS : Not . CN : It started secrecy ... I keep waiting call I make grandiose return . KS : You Travis Kalanick waiting phone . I ’ waiting keeping busy , know . I hobbies ... KS : Yeah . CN : Is true whole thing started ’ get cellphone contract , led first thing , led Groupon ? Yes . It started thing called The Point , time I ... I getting Masters Degree University Chicago public policy . I learning collective action problems issue cellphone contract . These egregious contracts lock . KS : Sure . It seemed like , man , I could get critical mass people , tipping point people together threatened cancel contract , maybe would take us seriously . Then point became broader , abstracted , platform kind concept . You get bunch people together , agree something conditions met . That thing could something , could giving money toward something . One ways people using buy things group , group purchases . Then focused became Groupon . CN : So started radical left-wing idea quickly became capitalist tool . That ’ right . CN : That ’ fantastic . I mean , I always lifelong love coupons since I small child . CN : Would wake early Saturdays cut circulars newspapers ? Yeah , I would stitch together clothing . KS : I bet case . So started Groupon , I remember announced public offering conference onstage . No , I ’ announce . I totally played , I remember correctly . KS : Okay , right . Explain . You trying get information . KS : Yes , . I ’ fault tried best ... KS : I know . You ’ used dealing people adept rhetoric I , ’ know . KS : I ’ know , released right afterwards . That ’ right , released ... Oh yeah , ’ right . KS : The public offering . Tell experience , ’ go well , I would say . What mean ? KS : They fired , recall , wrote . Well , I mean , ’ one way look . KS : Okay . I would rather ... KS : How would ... CN : Before maybe went south , went incredibly well . KS : Yes , I know . I want know experience . How look experience ? How I look part experience ? KS : What whole ... CN : It fastest-growing company time point . That pretty crazy ride coming Master ’ project turns fastest-growing company time . KS : You great office walls office failures , I remember , lobby . Yeah . KS : That happened including ones ... The whole thing ride surreal absurd . The absurdity ... something absurd heroification happened way . KS : Right . Then also opposite way . Luckily ride prepared I look back crazy experience I feel really lucky part . KS : Talk trying . What think well ? With starting Groupon ? KS : Mm-hmm . What mean ? KS : I mean , think well ? It ’ still multi-billion dollar business . KS : Mm-hmm . People still use time get ton value , got . What I ... else I well . KS : As CEO . CN : The name really good . Where name come ? There ’ companies entire idea name , name less 10 letters . Yeah . CN : Did come hat , intern , gave one ? The guy actually charge content came name . His name Aaron With like , need come name group coupon company like , Groupon ? I make sound less genius , ’ came . CN : It points great point , always hire content people company . KS : Absolutely . CN : Some might say ’ important people company . KS : I ’ think . I think ’ important . CN : I ’ know . KS : Where I ’ trying get , expect happen terms CEO experience . You always reluctant CEO . A lot stuff headquarters pointed , could go hell , I might right CEO , bunch ... remember going interview little girl ? Have little girl interview , kindergartner ? That never happened . KS : I know , thought ... You told bad idea . KS : You thought idea . He going third-grader , right ? A second-grader ? I ’ remember . KS : They going discuss ’ disclose things . The SEC rules . She going interview bad SEC rules . CN : That ’ amazing . KS : Yeah , wanted I said ’ , although I let written . Let tell I ’ prepared . KS : Right , okay . What I ’ prepared I hard time taking seriously . KS : Right . There ’ something true tech . Here ’ secret . I like people believe I ’ super genius ’ like , I ’ sorry . Nothing anything luck . This skill capability razor-sharp instincts . The fact matter , ’ incredible amount luck . There ’ lot people , entrepreneurs , way smarter capable I never kind success Groupon . KS : Mm-hmm . I ’ think I ’ incompetent , I think luck lot . I never comfortable amount adulation way , I responded aggressively going way seem stupid . KS : Right , right . CN : Were insulated Chicago , fact unique tech story Chicago make intense never seen tech titan emerge ? I think Chicago , ... I Finland Finland hopes dreams tied Nokia country ’ identity crisis collapse . I think , least tech , period time , Groupon carrying weight city . KS : Yeah , great headquarters section city ... Yeah , I think disappointing people Chicago ’ prove earn place alongside Facebook Amazon Microsoft blah blah blah . KS : Right , right . One stories I remember writing , went public , selling ... handled everything different everyone else . It delight reporter , I ’ tell , said I asked . You usually answered questions . That problem . KS : Yeah , yeah . That always worked private company . And getting back I ’ prepared , I ’ prepared degree entered Big Leagues . It ’ entirely different game ’ public company . I incredibly naïve attitude , like , oh I ’ I ’ keep I ’ ’ fine . KS : Right , made successful ... The world markets like , . This mincemeat . KS : So ’ bring goat ... bring goat office , horse , Shetland pony ? A horse . KS : A horse , ’ right . Who ? It different Shervin horse . I want , I feel ... I think cool horse , oh look . I ’ party . I ’ horse . The reason ... CN : The idea venture capitalists would bring horses parties avoid future accusations sexual harassment still many years away . KS : Many years . Why bring horse party ? The horse : The story ... want whole story ? KS : Just short version . The whole story good . KS : All right , go ahead . Go . The whole story Michael Bloomberg coming visit office . KS : Yes . Everyone came visit . We thought , let ’ give gift something say thank coming . We like , would funny give something would incredible responsibility , react something like ? At first , thought ’ give dog . But seemed like might believe would weird , pushed little bit made horse . So got horse came office — By way , I ’ mostly sell product . KS : I know . We ’ going talk . CN : There ’ plenty time . KS : Yeah , plenty time . He sent security guards look around , new , I never , security guards going come sweep . I like ... KS : You lot dangerous items office . Exactly . I like , would funny dressed one customer service representatives terrorist . KS : No , ’ ... ’ funny . We gave ski mask put fake grenades next ... KS : Oh , God . Next desk gave machine gun wearing neck customer service headset , sitting typing computer . The way I thought poor security guards never find anything . This least good laugh . They ’ give high five . Anyway , COO time saw moments security guards came shut . CN : Probably best . “ This hired : stop things. ” I regret . KS : Which part ? Shutting . KS : Oh , right , okay . I gone . KS : So horse , , backup . He came ... unrelated , ’ part long version story . So Bloomberg coming stairs ’ got horse ready present PR person found daughter injured horse riding accident . CN : This episode “ Veep. ” There last-minute scramble hide horse . We ended hiding horse kitchen elevator . KS : Not weird office ? The fake office person ... Oh , Michael ’ room ? KS : Michael ’ room , yeah . No , ’ part tour . KS : That ’ part tour , ’ right . CN : So backup present give Bloomberg ? No present Bloomberg . KS : No present . CN : Wow . We ’ touch since might . CN : He ’ never forgotten . KS : Yeah , oh God . No present . KS : Oh God , oh God . Vindictive guy . KS : In case , number stunts things company . You colorful CEO career . We ’ going get next thing ’ , ... ’ one people also said , “ I fired. ” You said press release saying , “ I fired. ” CN : I remember note came across screens crazy felt like first time tech CEO honest way anyone remember . KS : We going say fired anyway , ? I ’ tell I I ’ tell ’ probably mistake people considering thing . KS : Personal reasons . I reason . It obvious everybody I would fired , right ? KS : Right . Even family emergency whatever , nobody would believe . KS : No , . So , thing I ’ mind time pretending like I ’ fired deluding . Here ’ reason makes sense . Now , every time anybody writes , least Detour came , always like , “ ousted Groupon CEO starts new company. ” KS : Right . It basically gives reporters permission bring . We keep talking . Also , ’ weird I meet people parties . I go lot parties . I meet ... I ’ really go lot parties . When I meet people , ’ like , “ Oh yeah , I loved ... ” Like ’ remember letter . KS : Ousted good word . Anyway , ’ , I remember reading Joshua Topolsky ’ resignation letter fired , wait , used work . It fired . Maybe I find another example . KS : No , go right ahead . Anyway , clearly fired letter , awareness whatsoever , ’ worked . KS : It ’ worked , yeah . It works people time . KS : Yeah , yeah . I feel good . I would differently , I also ’ recommend ... ’ probably worth . KS : You also seemed somewhat relieved I recall time , , told truth moved . No ? Relieved sense ? KS : I remember talking relieved , maybe , lying . Relieved company anymore ? KS : Yes , yeah . CN : Or , pressures came CEO person maybe ’ like . Yeah , oh , God . Running public company , . KS : Yeah , yeah . I ’ chosen fired . If I could go back moment fired , I would ’ fired . Even though I ’ really glad working Groupon anymore , I still feel responsibility company I . KS : Yeah . So , afterwards moved San Francisco , right ? Yeah . KS : Relatively soon . Yeah , yeah . KS : Yeah , started Detour . And started Detour . KS : Talk little bit right . There six months leaving Groupon starting Detour . I moved , I kid . KS : You kid . I recorded album motivational business music . Then , Detour actually idea I Groupon . What ’ app taking audio tours cities . It ’ something I always I traveled . I always wanted really exceptional way explore cities people know best terms . KS : It quirky interesting . Not typical stops along way , . It neighborly things . It good . It good . People done really love . The challenge pitch someone like , “ Hey , let ’ go take audio tour weekend. ” The pre-existing ideas people like , “ Oh , audio tour. ” KS : Yeah . “ You mean like kind lame thing I I ’ museum happens I ’ give try ? ” It ’ hard build mobile app high on-boarding requirement go city block two hours even idea experience like . I think ’ really hard stand-alone travel startup . It ’ going anywhere . I ’ working anymore ’ anything announce ’ happening right ’ going anywhere . Hopefully I ’ something happy say next couple months . KS : Mm-hmm . Is sold , sold ? I ’ say anything ’ happening . KS : I understand ’ sold , okay . Do really want hard-hitting thing poor little startup ? KS : No , poor little startup . No . I liked lot , ’ . Save Yahoo . KS : I think ’ high ... yeah , ’ done . We ’ done . You finished . KS : We finished . CN : The question I , though ... KS : No , I liked . I ’ serious . I thought great product . Thank . KS : I realize difficulty execution . Yeah . CN : I , parents actually would come visit request would another one . It wound really fun thing I parents bunch . What I found interesting first met , I actually ’ meet Groupon days . We met started Detour , I ’ imagine company less like one previously , right ? Some founders scratch itch , went somewhere completely different . Why ? Well , hard . Like I said , I lifelong love coupons . KS : Mm-hmm . But scratched . I tend get back ... I coupon 2.0 concept ... CN : Ooh . Two-pon might interesting ... That ’ percolating . KS : Two-pon ? Did say two-pon ? CN : Yeah . A good company name . That diversion anything else . As reporters ever fond pointing tough times , I music major . I worked recording studio couple years school , getting audio content something I always interested . Also , I , I ’ looking things I think interesting products I want exist ’ fit one category . I ’ driven starting another $ 20 billion company . KS : Right . CN : Right . KS : All right , ’ Andrew Mason . By way , like point ’ interesting makes different horrible geeks , know . Does really ? KS : Yes , ’ compliment . In case , ’ Andrew Mason . He ’ red chair . He ’ founder former CEO Groupon , founded mobile audio company called Detour , ’ going talk get back new company started . [ ad ] KS : We ’ Andrew Mason , entrepreneur started Groupon . He also company called Detour , mobile audio company tours cities , terrific little company . Now , new company ’ going talk . Andrew , would like discuss new company ’ called ? I would . For joining us , congratulations . The first part basically worthless . KS : It ’ , actually . You ’ see . Now ’ getting good stuff . KS : All right , good stuff . Leave behind old , bring new . My new company , much like ... one could think pivot , much like Groupon pivot . KS : All right . It ’ incubated inside Detour last couple years . At Detour , ’ basically making things , podcasts , scripted . We recorded hundreds hours voiceover sessions ultimate vision make Detour platform anyone would able produce things . As using tools existed create audio content , like talk-driven audio content , became clear never going happen tools existed . KS : Mm-hmm . The learning curve super high even understand , ’ tedious slow ’ looking wave forms , timelines wave forms , even understand stuff , turn editorial brain engage engineering brain ’ really difficult work . We aware explosion progress happening around speech-to-text automated transcription , models transcribing audio comprehending audio rates higher humans . So thought , could use create audio editor looked like word processor acted like word processor , instead editing wave form timelines , could edit text . KS : And would change audio . And would change audio . Exactly . So built inside Detour way make Detours , would bring people office working audio , even video , would lose minds . Half would like , “ Yeah ’ wanted exist 20 years . Why taken long build ? ” People would see shortest little demo get right away . It one things . This happening long couple years ago became clear might actual thing . KS : So , little bit like Odeo , became Twitter , Slack gaming company . I ’ remember name gaming company Stewart started . CN : I ’ remember . It tiny something . Tiny something . KS : Yeah , similar . So , trying create ... Any example come something really cool , maybe really popular , something awesome super popular made ton money . KS : Right , ton money , right . But talk technology . Why taken 20 years ? “ I wanted 20 years. ” People meet engineering challenges lots people lots products . What problem ? We ’ leveraging progress big companies made using machine learning artificial intelligence speech-to-text recognition , 95 percent accuracy decent sounding audio . Now stuff becoming commoditized , zillion different APIs use get stuff really fast really cheap . That ’ really foundational . The thing technology called text-audio alignment , analyze phonetic content audio compare text , basically layer text top audio , know starting ending point every word , ’ stuff ’ built . The way realized viable guy getting PhD stuff Berkeley , got come work us . All stuff starting happen . In last year , slew different companies automated transcription , disrupting human-powered transcription market , ends $ 10 billion market . Then ’ taking next step , ... KS : So ’ editing . Yeah , actually editing producing content . KS : Right . We spun Detour raised $ 5 million Andreessen Horowitz , vision make audio eventually video easy edit print . You know , print killer feature write something rewrite . You edit . KS : Right , word processing . Yeah , audio ’ work way . And ’ seeing explosion audio popularity medium evidenced fact guys basically sitting day recording podcasts . KS : Mm-hmm . We really need tools keep consumer demand . KS : What advanced tools ? Because I ’ used various [ methods ] , idea placing audio text , essentially , text audio , really . You ’ able edit , editors . That ’ right . KS : Experienced editors . And remove equation . This allows ... We need lot people come print journalism background getting podcasts beholden audio engineer . So might piece might paper edit , send audio engineer edit , get back find audio ’ sound right cut way . We basically pair two one thing editor producer journalist use long know use word processor . KS : What called , company ? Descript . KS : Descript . So , called ? It ’ derivative . It ’ good story Groupon something like . It ’ basically , Detour Descript . They start D. KS : Okay . All right . CN : And company headquartered underground crypt . Yeah , ’ Descript Y. CN : Who ’ main customer ? Is podcast producers , go beyond ? KS : You ’ saying video , brought video . For , ’ starting people need transcriptions . It ’ great stand-alone transcription service . You drop audio file ’ two hours long get transcript couple minutes . Anyone needs transcription , people working audio primary medium : podcasters , radio . As grow add stuff , goal yes , become new standard talk-driven media gets made . KS : Mm-hmm . So ’ working talk-driven media , makes sense would script-driven viewpoint opposed timeline-driven standpoint , ’ looking abstractions . For reason people ’ programming binary anymore , ’ writing words , people would editing using language scripts technology existed , ’ starting exist . Whether ’ us somebody else , I think ’ headed . KS : Do competitors area ... There ’ kinds different tools transcription , said . Oh yeah , ’ quite transcription ... KS : Right , immediate transcription . I ’ used bunch . Immediate transcription services . And dirty secret ’ using one series APIs ’ provided ... I mean , part , ’ using series APIs like Google Nuance IBM Amazon . We use Google speech API , ’ relatively agnostic ’ focused creating instrumentation measure different APIs accuracy different types audio pick right one right type audio . Then build tools beyond , ’ stop transcript , right ? You stuff . KS : Right . Well , ’ point . Sometimes ’ separate . You transcript separate creation completely . CN : I ’ sort always assumed basic transcription stuff eventually become free . Do think ’ case ? I , yeah . It feels like storage ’ getting cheaper faster accurate commoditized . CN : So sell today , eventually business going something else . Yeah , sell pretty cheap . I mean , seven cents minute . And subscription fee ’ ... KS : So , thing technology able edit . The editing technology , essentially . Yeah , editing , people today hopefully much think number people darkrooms Photoshop came along . Hopefully create ... KS : I darkroom . You ? KS : Yeah . Yeah , okay . So point completely invalid , ’ saying ? KS : No , . I liked . I thinking yesterday , reason . Okay . You mentioning darkroom . KS : I . I said people darkrooms ... Maybe could saved I finish point . KS : All right , finish point . It ’ good ... KS : Finish point , finish point . CN : Some people say room Kara Swisher darkroom , ’ another story . KS : Finish point . I going nice , go ahead . What point ? KS : People darkrooms ... Oh yeah . CN : And Photoshop . And Photoshop , ’ lot people Photoshop darkrooms . KS : Right . We hope ’ kind thing audio video , ’ prohibitively difficult manipulate content , taking away prohibitions reducing friction making content creation expressive print text , enable whole new class creators . KS : Why done past ? The technology ’ existed . KS : Right . Or ’ mature enough able ... KS : You mean transcription technology . Yeah , text-audio alignment stuff enabled machine learning artificial intelligence blah blah blah . KS : Mm-hmm . CN : Is technology I could take , say , long speech Kara gave sort pick choose words , rearrange create new audio saying whatever I wanted say ? Absolutely . Now , ’ going re-sample boundaries edits way ’ sound natural ’ ... There little bit skill involved . But ’ want take . We talk ethical implications . CN : Yeah . But ’ definitely want take , move things around thoughtlessly would move around text still work ’ get cross-fade adjust edit boundaries . Really , ’ Descript , pairing text audio one thing , ’ setting future artificial-intelligence-assisted media synthesis . That ’ one example , sudden , media , audio video , meaning behind natural language processing text . KS : Mm-hmm . It ’ really cool think could . Like case , know put period end sentence , question mark , ’ things make sound natural . KS : Mm-hmm . So clients would initially journalists , people creating audio products . Right . KS : Then something ’ interested long time . You I interesting discussion Germany wanting group source ... I think group sourcing journalism protection ... interest journalism ? You actually like journalists , I think , secretly . Why think I ’ like journalists ? KS : I , I ... sometimes ’ quite hostile , go ahead . I ’ imagine ’ referring . KS : You ’ funny hostile , hostile nonetheless . When I ... I actually working another startup idea I school public policy . I still want go back . It called Policy Tree , idea would take bait break atomic assertions show flow chart would like ... time , like , invade Iraq . Then , stemming , green red bubbles leafs , would arguments arguments would stem , . It ’ like public forum debate . The idea aggregating things people saying popular media outlets . Breaking way ... KS : So see arguments . To make sense . KS : Right , right . It ’ fascination mine long time I think audio medium ... I ’ believe I ’ say , I ’ talking Casey , empathy bias , empathy handicap ’ something needing stare someone ’ ugly face makes easier relate . KS : Yeah . I would agree . I think different ... I mean , ’ television , creates circus-like effect , audio much intimate . Yeah . The reason I said I ’ believe I ’ going say I feel like every startup founder finds way talk company making world empathetic . It must even though fact I ’ aware , I ’ stop . KS : Talk journalism , would aid creating businesses , media businesses , helping people media businesses cheaper , bring costs , lot things prohibitively expensive necessarily , ’ prohibitively creative , I guess . You ’ creative want ’ charge . Yeah . Yeah , yeah . I feel like lot ... KS : Word processing changed everything journalism . Right , totally . The beauty word processor ’ kind like built . You know , even typewriters , basic concept , built ’ medium , learn tool ’ done . Everything else career evolving craft . KS : Right . Being effective getting ideas head onto paper , ’ work way audio video . You constantly invested learning latest tools . Our goal make intuitive word processor , also lot creative tools come along people , oh press button sudden ’ cut video way ’ magical , ’ put background music , ’ stuff automatically , I think ’ still ... KS : Automagically . Automagically , yeah , I love . I love . There ’ still role craft intention , ’ kind media production ’ focused , people specific idea want create want tools get things way express vision effectively . CN : Let ’ talk video . One big trends year pivot video us media types . We heavily invested forms certain platforms started demanding video media huge way . It ’ incredibly labor intensive , time intensive , costs lot money time make video . What make faster companies ? If , eventually . I ’ ... KS : You ’ starting audio . Yeah , ’ starting audio audio part video . CN : I like dream though , Andrew , I ’ big dreamer . KS : I like audio . I ’ know far take . I know ... What got us thinking video one point , one Errol Morris ’ editors came office finished editing 30 hours Donald Rumsfeld interviews movie , begging us video version amount time would saved instead scrolling timeline , looking talking head . To able search script everything way . There ’ really incredible implications moving word processor format . The way ... ’ released yet , next ... near-term focus multi-track version I add music multiple tracks voice . And way works I want add music file piece , I drag drop word I want start playing , starts playing . So , ’ example well idea word processor , UI paradigm ... KS : You put pictures stuff like , way . Yeah , totally , totally . KS : All right , ’ Andrew Mason . We ’ talking new company , Descript , , calling , ’ little two-second word description . Audio software company ? Yeah , call audio word processor . KS : Audio word processor . When get back , ’ going talk also , thinks things going tech space . I know opinions , Andrew . I ’ ... KS : All right , fine . We ’ talk . We ’ talk baby everything else . We ’ also Casey Newton Recode Decode . [ ad ] KS : We ’ Recode Decode obstreperous Andrew Mason , difficult usual despite fact I ’ trying hawk new company , Descript . We talking . We ’ Casey Newton The Verge , co-host several episodes . CN : We ’ great time . KS : We ’ great time . I want get back concept audio going boomed terms podcasts , terms Detour , last company . You talked intimacy . It really . It ’ something ’ worked well mobile . Where see industry going overall , audio industry , I think ’ bigger one people realize . Yeah . KS : Just sort bold thought , I suppose . What gets excited much time day seems coming accessible audio-first experiences . Obviously mobile phones enabling , things like carplay enabling . I think ’ look back see airpods really great wireless headphones another kind step-function enabler audio , sudden relatively simple innovation taking wires away reduces friction headphones taking pocket putting ears , right ? KS : Mm-hmm . I mean , I ’ going take walk get coffee , I take headphones . I time , ’ always case . Even I , untangle , ’ stupid stuff , right ? But ’ often like solving stupid little things makes difference . I think getting us point audio lot head room . KS : Right , could also heads . We could look around time ’ listening . There ’ incredible examples content ’ exist anywhere else . KS : What like ? I like Sam Harris ’ podcast . I ’ learned anything I remember recent memory , three-hour-long incredibly nuanced conversations people . Even kind format , right , people conversation ’ pulling one quote . KS : Mm-hmm . I think stuff like really exciting . Stuff like The Daily . Do guys listen The Daily ? CN : Yeah . KS : Mm-hmm . Yeah , Michael Barbaro . Yeah , like oh God . The Daily , , listen something like ... You think read gun violence press might go around read 15 minutes articles feel like shit world hell hand-basket everybody ’ stupid . Then listen episode The Daily interview somebody ’ agree less , yet walk away appreciation sincerity fact ’ evil , crazy stupid . They ’ think right thing . I think ’ something medium approach . It ’ weird listening The Daily . You listen episode walk away feeling good . KS : Mm-hmm . You understand things little bit better . That ’ ’ used feeling . KS : Well , intimacy ... ’ pummeled everyday visuals , everything ’ visual . Either ’ Twitter , reading visual , imagery . It ’ exhausting understandable . Right . KS : I think audio creates intimacy . I find interesting , people talk — ’ find , Casey — people talk love podcasts different fan base . Mm-hmm . KS : They almost love . It ’ really , feel ... I may putting ear . No , ’ ... How ’ different ? KS : Well , ’ love . In , ’ . They ’ sort like , “ That annoyed , ” , “ You pissed off. ” Even ’ agree , ’ ... first , ’ much civil . I know sounds crazy , ’ much ... way present , I suppose . I ’ like Rush Limbaugh going “ ahh ! ” like time , evolved much thoughtful medium , I guess . Where people actually think long sentences . CN : I also think one times I feel relaxed day age I ’ conversation someone , right ? Where ’ able get different point view . Where able wander really long time . I often think longer podcasts often better , print longer story often , usually , better . KS : Sometimes , yeah . You ’ right . And also , ’ evolved talk radio , screamy . How work , example , put talk radio thing ? Because ’ lot screaming . I ’ think super highly edited . I think ’ broadcast live , may best use case , maybe ’ find ways edit screams . KS : Yeah , something like . But evolved way . When ’ talking business , ’ got $ 5 million . What charging software , ... subscription service ? Yeah . It ’ $ 20 month right . For early adopters , ’ $ 10 month . Then charge per minute transcription , 7 cents minute . We also version monthly fee people want use transcription service . It ’ 15 cents minute version . You download get 30 free minutes transcription demo audio editing features . We also promo going transcript guaranteed fiv3 minutes less pizza free . KS : Oh , right . Yup . CN : When ’ transcriptions , relying humans ? Do humans ever touch audio ? No . Humans ’ touch audio , ’ automated . CN : It ’ algorithms . Yeah . CN : All right . Although white-glove version ’ happy quality ... ’ still , certain types audio ... something like , transcription would great . It ’ probably 98 percent accurate , ’ recording iPhone ... KS : Noisy place . In cavernous conference room four people conversation , ’ going lower , human powered transcription people . KS : So listen also . You , ... Yeah , ’ works . KS : Yeah , I figured . When think , ’ going subscription service , customers ? Are going aim media , ’ aiming ? People need transcription services people working audio medium . KS : The market , , ’ transcription services I think , ’ audio editing software . Right , professional creative tools , ’ millions people using things already , hope also use Descript increase size market creating tool makes easier accessible use stuff . CN : Are interested parts podcast tech stack , like things would need create podcast , whether ’ actual recording software hosting distribution . Does interest time ? Should ? Is pain ? CN : Yes , shocking number podcasters still using Garage Band , tool made primarily making ... That I think ’ interested , part . CN : Yeah . We ’ point within relatively short period time produce soup-to-nuts podcast Descript . KS : Mm-hmm . In Descript , . All different things including music whatever else want use . Yeah . KS : How many people running ? Eight . KS : Eight . Small . Small . KS : How going run differently ? Will horses things like ? How I going run differently ... KS : Than Groupon . Than Groupon ? Man , ’ ... lot ways , I guess . But ... KS : What learned , Andrew ? What learning lessons ? Most things I ’ learned relatively banal . They ’ things could pick numerable business books , ’ express better I would . It ’ ... managing people innate skill . It ’ like learning golf something . It takes practice learning better people . I learned lot course time Groupon I continue learn . I ’ know , I ’ anything super ... KS : I ’ trying get wider venture space look Silicon Valley , , ’ unusual relationship , I would say . I mean highly impressed scene . You ’ scene maker . You ’ someone shows everywhere . CN : And ’ ... I like invited things . I ’ like going . CN : You ’ raise capital Detour , ? I ’ . CN : Yeah . Part I always knew ... I take seriously , idea steward people ’ money , I ’ want take . It always felt experimental lot ways . KS : Mm-hmm . I thought could really big business , ’ get wrong . But I wanted little bit meat bone I asked somebody take bet . I also wanted little bit break working investors . For part , experience good . My experience investors largely good , I wanted see would like think . I actually miss . CN : I going ask , different company made say , “ I ’ going go play VC world ” ? Two things . One ’ product beta . We people using . We really feel pretty strongly ’ . We feel better product market fit . It ’ feel experimental . It ’ like beautiful thing building tool exists tool chain , instead making bet , oh I ’ going invent new consumer behavior . KS : Mm-hmm . The thing , I like somebody team ’ super smart relentlessly focused financial outcome counterbalance focus come ridiculous horse-involved scheme . KS : I ’ think ’ going . But look Silicon Valley ... Who ’ venturist , Chris Dickson , ? Alex Rampell . KS : Oh , interesting . Yeah . Do know ? KS : Yes , I . He ’ awesome . KS : Yeah . How look ... thinking experience , though ? That ’ I want know . How look Silicon Valley ? You live , ’ lovely child , ’ still lived city . Yeah . KS : I think moving , one people I ’ ever thought would come San Francisco scene . Oh , really ? KS : Yeah . I ’ know . You ’ good . Why think ? KS : You ’ like entrepreneurs . That ’ compliment , trust . They really irritate , . They , know , ’ make , ’ always ... You ’ going disappointed answer . I love . KS : Do ? Okay , tell . I ’ disappointed . I want know look . I ’ care think . The people smart engaging really feel ... like complain , I feel like ’ 450 BC I ’ Roman forum ’ like , “ What ? That Socrates guy asshole . He ’ going bloviating. ” For better worse , ’ special place special moment time . KS : That fair point . Socrates still could asshole , go ahead . Right . KS : He probably . It feels really exciting quality life . The weather . Having lived Chicago , know , Casey , ’ like come ’ like , people know place exists ? That ’ freezing ass ? It ’ really simple trite say ’ cold Chicago , ’ fucking cold Chicago . KS : It . CN : Also , thing I ’ never gotten Chicago way sunny day event order Federal holiday . KS : It nice sunny day . CN : Yeah . KS : They nice sunny days . They . There ’ wonderful things . The people wonderful ... KS : I love architecture . I love Chicago . CN : That ’ great . Chicago needs big industry . That ’ problem . Chicago , know ... KS : It ’ beautiful city . I think ’ beautiful city . So , like living . You enjoyed moving . Yeah , ’ great . KS : Yeah . When look scene , ’ going finish talking ... see tech right , try big thinker . Try hard . Do ... I hate big thinking . KS : Then ’ . Think small . How look ... Where ? You ’ direct little bit . KS : Where innovation cycle , think thing ? I ’ bored question . KS : All right . All right . CN : Is small thing ... KS : Let ’ talk “ The Patriot ” ’ like . Did really watch “ The Patriot ” ? KS : I love “ The Patriot. ” I hate Mel Gibson , I love “ The Patriot. ” It ’ really bad . I mean , I ... KS : Anytime ’ , I totally watch . It ’ 20 years since I watched , I ’ going watch . I ’ give second chance . KS : Heath Ledger . I respect judgment . KS : It ’ good . CN : All I remember ’ loose nuclear weapon . KS : What ? No . CN : No wait , ’ “ Broken Arrow. ” KS : Yes . CN : What ’ “ The Patriot ” ? You said earlier I like , okay , nuclear weapon . It ’ Revolutionary War . KS : The Revolutionary War . CN : Oh , ’ totally different movie . KS : Mel little thing hair . Whatever wears ... CN : Wow . A ponytail . KS : Ponytail . CN : Such different time . KS : He ponytail runs around gun ’ really bad British guy . I ’ going watch I ’ going send notes back . KS : A really bad British guy . CN : Is American “ Braveheart ” basically ? KS : But better . “ Braveheart ” ... It ’ like , I keep “ Braveheart ” thing going ? KS : Yes . But ’ much better . It ’ much better . It ’ good ’ sad parts . CN : All right , sounds like ’ movie night . KS : It ’ really good . It ’ sad , . It goes sad , ’ think ? I ’ ... 20 years ago . KS : Oh God . I ’ bring . KS : I literally saw night I ’ prepared somebody “ Patriot ” aficionado . KS : But ’ like ? You saying ’ like “ Hamilton , ” ’ like ... Oh , . Why ? KS : Because ’ answer innovation question . Why tell people I ’ like “ Hamilton ” ? KS : We five minutes I want know ’ . I think ’ problem I ’ like “ Hamilton , ” clear . I ’ know , I think ... KS : All right , think Trump ? I ’ know . What guys think ? KS : Are political ? I ’ like . What ... KS : Every single part . Well , ’ interesting . I ’ heard . KS : I think ’ entertaining , really awful way . Yeah . I ’ edge , know . I keep ... I see sides I ’ make mind . These people need write articles . CN : Undecided voter , Andrew Mason . KS : Undecided voter , Andrew Mason . So , ’ going run ? You ’ going hope gets enormous makes ton money ? Yeah . KS : What valuation ? It ’ little pre-launch product . KS : Pre-launch . To utter loud would disservice listeners . KS : Can get ? They get . They get app , yeah . Starting ... launched Tuesday 12th Tuesday 12th . KS : And ’ available platform ? Descript.com . It ’ Mac . KS : Okay . We ’ working web support . KS : Okay . Where right , kind audio editing , ’ really good examples web-based technology . KS : Right , people fly ? You could people foreign countries lot reports , right ? For sure , yeah . We support English right . KS : Right . So ’ get way , language coming . KS : What mobile version ? It ’ Mac . KS : It ’ Mac . You also ... oh , another cool thing publish compositions create . Your audio-linked transcripts web people comment , like Google Docs style , ’ anybody ’ reviewing audio collaborative environment people . It ’ really awesome way get feedback . CN : So , I ’ putting podcasts together , I could let editor sit , actually look transcript , like , “ This went completely rails. ” Right , exactly . KS : So many places . All right , I one question . When look Groupon , think run Chicago ? I ’ look closely . I thought might ask , I remember coming answer . It took lot work , also realizing untrue would sound . KS : Yeah . But ’ actually true . I ’ really know ’ going . I Google Groupon I look news , ’ news . Everybody I know gone . KS : Right , yeah . Some companies like . Yeah . KS : But ’ like , time CEO . You ’ opposite Travis Kalanick . You ’ want get back , big game . No . KS : No . No . Yeah , I ’ good . KS : Okay . Do questions lovely Andrew Mason ? CN : My final question , mentioned earlier recorded album inspirational business music . I wondered felt like follow-up . I wondering ’ album business protest music , could talk important able keep profits offshore , kind thing ? KS : I enjoyed business ... Yeah , I mean , know impact humbling . It ’ , I look around ... KS : That Grammy amazing . Just impact business world . Some things ’ hard measure sales , quantity . It ’ quality . I read article Twitter all-hands meeting , talking , “ Look guys . We need turn around know ’ going ? We . Nobody else going get way . Nobody ’ going help us get there. ” Of course , I track album called “ It ’ Up To Us. ” KS : I remember . That ’ took ideas . That really humbling . Just general , seeing economy growing right , since album came . I ’ want like David Bowie Elton John , ’ ... KS : The thing . I ’ like Billy Joel . You quit ’ ahead . KS : Andrew Mason , ’ funny . I miss , I say . Not much . Miss , . KS : Not much . Yeah , let ’ three years . KS : For next business . No , I like idea , I tell . You liked last idea . A lot good . KS : I liked . I think limited capabilities platform . Yeah . No , ’ legit . KS : You ... quirky . It quirky tours Andrew , essentially , would cool could ’ made platform people , anybody could made . You know I mean ? Well , maybe run company next time , Kara . KS : No . No thank . I ’ fine Casey Newton . We really enjoy . I ’ entrepreneur sometimes , every . Anyway , ’ totally enjoyable . I forgot much I really enjoy talking I think I completely right interviewed 7-year-old public company CEO , I ’ sticking . Well , I still got fired , ... KS : You got fired later . I would rather done . KS : Yes . Oh , would ? Yeah , sure . KS : You day . Okay . KS : All right . Andrew Mason , great talking . Thank , lot fun . KS : Thanks coming show ’ fantastic Casey , thank co-hosting . CN : No , pleasure .
The Albigensian Crusade And The Black Mass
Today going talk Albigensian Crusade crusade Church Cathars . The Cathars possessed valid spiritual magical techniques “ perfected ones ” , ones really traveled path done work , performed many impressive miracles front population.The sect grew rapidly . Smaller sects formed mangled destroyed Christian faith , name Cathars Albigensian ’ . They lumped together name . Some believed one thing , believed another real tangled mess.But examples Orthodox Christian theology.If God knew Adam Eve would die eating tree knowledge , let eat first place ? And know ’ die eating tree knowledge , became mortal died later life living long lives . They died mortal.Why good people evil people allowed perish destruction Sodom Gomorrah great flood ? These questions went . The entire world ’ filled evil people.Christians said God suffered death upon cross , died upon cross . How God suffer , god die ? How God come earth , earth created body ? How God eat drink like Jesus . What ’ thing communion eating body Christ . It ’ long eaten centuries ! Then subject sexuality sin . Why sex sinful ? How sin , procreating ? We meant continue human species ! These questions Cathars discussed.Rome den murderers . This epic war written book revelations.Things became violent . They mocked killed priests wherever could find used holy implements obscene purposes . A large part ritual became mockery parity Catholic mass became called black mass performed upon entry cult.At induction every novice denounce Catholic belief , spit upon cross , renounce baptism unction . After would kissed entire congregation hands would laid blessing upon head.You see reactive Cathars Christianity remember Catholic Church time mostly filled rational atheists.The Church elders ’ really believe spiritual side Church . The Church political . They believed temporal power Church , tried dominate population . This movement people big threat authority.A crusade heretics preached . St. Dominic , creator holy Inquisition , charged conducting campaign became one gruesome executioners world history ever known.Simon de Montfort led crusade countrymen , Cathars . It horrible massacre.During conquest Bériers 60,000 people killed , whether Christian Cathar. “ For God knows ! ” cried abbot Citeaux.He also confessed Pope Innocent able kill 20,000 . The surviving population fled forests mountains . Only Carcassonne remained fortification one dared defend it.Hundreds hanged , 500 burned . The people tried running nobles protection , nobles fell one one kindness Savior shone full brilliance.At fortress Minerva promised repented would allowed live . They burned anyway ! “ If lies , get deserves . If converts true faith fire extinguish sin. ” That standard procedure used entire Inquisition . These Knights Holy Spirit , murdered , hanged , burned broke wheel , individuals , hundreds thousands people.The church needs . It ’ part history . A hundred killed Lavour love extreme joy . 12,000 murdered Maurillac Toulouse unspeakable joy.The entire South France destroyed single stone remained standing . All fortresses destroyed . The nobles hanged burned , noble ladies stoned gallantry ’ suffer indignity hanged burned stake.The church thought outside seemed way . The land decimated . There trace heresy deeply hidden beliefs . But outside . Never hatred penetrated deeply hearts general population massacre Toulouse . Scarcely last Cathar finished spitting dying venomous curse Jesus burned stake new priestess Satan proudly powerfully raised terrible head , witch ! But totally different story another time . Right talking Albigensian crusade church population southern France.I mentioned earlier , southern France actually high point civilization time whole Western world mingling cultures . It consisted cultures Christians , Arabs , Jewish people Bogomils.PS : I started new Facebook discussion group called Organic Gnosticism . Feel free join interested .
The Surprising Secret To Changing The World
IntroductionThe want impact rest world , less think others . In fact , want impact rest world , need think yourself.Don ’ take wrong way , cause , effect drive ends creating outcome changing large number individuals global scale , driven tireless machine ’ constantly looking expand — machine known individual self , driven maximize ’ potential.The secret need continually work , anything , maximize potential , recognize unlimited potential , continually strive expand personal growth : Pick right craft — craft born practice.Become good ’ able transcend field re-write ’ rules.Arrive state I call ‘ voracious enthusiasm ’ , transforms context ‘ work ’ riveting fun , creates endless drive energy makes hungry live every moment bestRadical commitment one ’ self , ‘ radical selfishness ( good way ) ’ disguised “ improving world ” “ serving others ” fact ’ simple natural selection drives someone good something thereby making feel called duty touch many people possible.Elon Musk good ’ able give back.Mark Zuckerberg good ’ able give back.But giving back ’ drove achieve result actually creates giving back.The inner force , drive everything makes ( Zuck Musk ) , voraciously enthusiastic , selfish one — commitment one ’ self.A drive excellent.The by-product achievement becomes work reaches people.It starts whole hearted commitment yourself.This ’ bad thing like many terms concepts , misunderstand them.And finally — ’ negative piece means though I know choose perceive way.What Do You Think Drives People Change The World ? What ‘ changing world ’ even mean ? In today ’ world , usually use context work becoming best.Do people like Mark Zuckerberg Elon Musk first set ‘ change world ’ ? Or journey best ? In piece , I explore drives motivations ’ taken people like Mark Zuckerberg ( moving forward referred Zuck ) Elon Musk ( later referred Musk ) gives drive motivation “ connect world ” Zuck “ solve mankind ’ biggest challenges ” Musk.This piece argues ’ combination commitment one ’ self , radical selfishness , ’ committed maximize ’ potential , product ’ impact others ( world ) adopts it.My Quick Story Inspiration For PieceWhen I write something , I feel like I ’ top world . It ’ indescribable fire makes voracious every second ’ activity.Driven read write , learn create.Sharing others makes meaningful relationship makes meaningful . Without relationship people , nothing matters.Why ? Because human species successful cooperating large numbers . If ’ capacity cooperate relationship , natural selection would killed us long ago.When I ’ hit publish , I feel though I ’ outer space , looking Earth physically pushing globe making dent world.I believe I born write want nothing I watch become best.This wealth I need , wealth Zuck Musk need.They never driven money.Zuck turned $ 1 billion without ounce doubt Musk put hard earned life savings $ 180 million save company.I feel like believe cause creator massive impact I ’ eventually make , financial representation follow.For millennia sages said serve others make passionate misunderstood weakened many emotionally.I ’ say philosophical statement , I say fact.For example , hold back save someone ’ feelings , disservice teaching generations people affected — included now.Serve others make committed , say . That ’ recipe decay , evolution— ’ witnessing world today.That absolutely say compassionate sensitive . Use compassion understanding , truthful.Use sensitivity , deliver intelligent communication.We ’ wired survive selfishly first , serving others facilitates survival.If ’ wired driven survival , serving others would serve purpose therefore ’ it.When reach state self-commitment see fruits ’ labor , life becomes exciting fulfilling , journey becomes ’ reward — voracious enthusiasm rewarding vehicle.You live moment show day ’ time slowed ’ meaningful.The good news , maximize potential , make biggest impact others , often progress better ( though always debated ) course , Mark Zuckerberg Elon Musk larger life examples changed world.I ’ pointing ‘ ’ , outside ( humanity , connecting people ) inside ( affect many I , growth best ) — leads effective ultimate result.I weave life lessons I went entrepreneurship writing , finally provide 3 step process I used , pioneering psychologist , Dr. Mihaly Cziksentmihaly prescribes creating ‘ Voracious Enthusiasm ’ , inner drive personal expansion needed driven something ‘ voraciously ’ enough daily basis , ultimately needed create something bold changes world.In context , I define ‘ voracious ’ state ’ hungered , yearning exist get better . It may exactly correct . I happen love word captures exactly I feel I read write.I ’ want end.I gobble every second.I taste every second like I ’ breaking three day fast . ***Also , I ‘ professional ’ psychologist psychiatrist though I ’ read hundreds books way beyond basics undergraduate graduate degree subject would give , I ’ coached PHD organizational psychology last two years . I ’ also point work experience hiring firing 100 people leadership position company , leading teams accomplishing financial goals leading people career fulfillment provided real world understanding people ’ drives motivations . So much I coach high performers living . Nonetheless , please recognize still point view . ***Any breakthrough science likely come outside system . “ Experts ” thoroughly familiar developed knowledge inside prescribed boundaries given science . — Dr. Maxwell Maltz , MD , FICS author Psycho-Cybernetics ; pioneering book ’ sold 30 million copies.FirstWhat makes biggest change agents driven enough think big believe change world first place ? What makes believe ’ capable something bold making massive world 7 billion people different place ? What drove Mark Zuckerberg bold “ connect world ” drives Elon Musk take humanity ’ biggest challenges like energy outer space ? The effect ’ , cause why.The simple yet profound secret local context transforms appears “ working hard ” experience “ riveting fun ” — voracious enthusiasm.It becomes working day without working day life.Your work experienced extension , inspired excitedly driven best — using chosen vocation craft vehicle maximize potential faster faster rates.When watch growth improve faster faster , begin seeing feedback faster faster , continue accelerate personal growth produces game changing work eventually spreads affect others.This true people also share selfish reasons . Whether ’ word mouth marketing ’ discovered something cool share article represents stand for.Sharing ’ caring . Sharing selfish.Natural selection ’ best . Selfish people selling selfish people.1 . The First Step To Achieving Voracious Enthusiasm “ Selfish genes actually explain altruistic individuals , ’ crystal clear. ” —Dr . Richard Dawkins ; Legendary biologist author The Selfish GeneRecognize embrace selfishness appreciate ’ good you.This bad thing need suppressed , rather embraced.We ’ selfish organisms wired survive result 4 billion years genetic success . Go tide , ’ resist it.Resisting natural selection never works , recipe failure.Zuckerberg Musk ( us ) fundamentally selfish ’ driven external things like ‘ connecting world ’ much ’ like believe are.They ’ driven intrinsically emotions strike deep chords ’ made meaningful— mostly based past suffering ( common ) .It ’ result inner drive comes strong beliefs conviction — confidence believe pull ideas big ( whatever may ) feed quest best.Elon Musk start anything , ’ huge.Others may attack problem 10,000 times smaller.The difference , perception size , capacity , belief confidence . ***A quick note : purpose piece ’ knock Mark Zuckerberg Elon Musk say humans bad ’ selfish . I ’ factual pointing hard truth I ’ realized recently human nature . Many people get hot bothered say ’ PC acknowledge way I write truths . I ’ even saying ’ actively change given ability sentient beings blessed light consciousness . What I saying however 95 % actions unconscious , ’ wired therefore driven selfishness general . ***Noting also Dr. Richard Dawkins said : “ Let us try teach generosity altruism born selfish . Let us understand selfish genes . Because may chance upset designs , something species ever aspired do. ” Back scheduled programming:2 . Following Your Individually Unique Inclination — The Second StepIt Starts Here : You Must Do What You Can ’ Not Do “ You possess kind inner force seeks guide toward life ’ task . What meant accomplish time live . In childhood , force clear , directed toward activities subjects fit activities inclinations sparked curiosity deep primal . In intervening years , force tends fade listen parents peers . This source unhappiness . Your lack connection makes unique . The first move toward mastery always inward . Learning really reconnecting innate force . Knowing clarity , find way proper career path everything else fall place. ” Robert Greene , Author MasteryWhat Green saying ’ biologically wired great something connected activity . This makes genetically unique 7 billion people planet , , long , play role cooperative natural selection process makes humans winning species.It ’ EQ IQ , individuality.So everyone ’ smart dumb . Everyone ’ great one thing ( type thing ) .He quotes ancient Greek poet Pindar paraphrases : “ You born particular make tendencies mark piece fate . It core . Some people never become ; stop trusting ; conform tastes others , end wearing mask hides true nature . If allow learn really paying attention voice force within , become fated become — individual , Master.This force celebrates individual differences us easy know child.It may activity endlessly wondered drawn years always remained itch wanted scratch.You must selfish making choice commit life needs something ’ exceptional at.You must feel guilt push aside naysayers like parents peers tell play safe take different path.I four years costed . You must find courage follow calling want tap day day drive enthusiasm ’ necessary masterful work becoming best.It ’ need today , . Take time . It took three different companies build confidence courage know I need write.This Greene concludes : Becoming Your Best And Changing The WorldBeing best crowded world requires deep connection craft work ’ feel like work.Not mentioning , spend third life ‘ working ’ , ’ shame ’ fun enjoyable.It ’ hard enough rising “ rest ” , takes connected craft rise best.You need every inch , read , begins following deep inclination activity sparks emotions love peace within , ultimately manifests work others feel.I ’ talking 1 % .1 % . How compete ? These people work ’ do.For , ’ writing reading . I ’ it.I ’ never able entrepreneurial journey five years thus far.There signs child , lay dormant life . In early years recently , I simply focused following path parents thought right.There really nothing else worry . Go college make money . Call late bloomer.I began noticing writing bug first try company I ’ shut . As I starting second year full-time entrepreneurship , I got lost books , voraciously trying take much I could.I realized I ’ learned much even one experience trying launch big idea fast , could perhaps give back many lessons.I began noticing writing another place . I began notice good I fast I improving.One day , I walking park parents dog got burning sensation , “ fire belly ” people talk about.I finally learned I ’ never felt like . It took entire body . I went home read wrote deepest flow I ’ ever . I excited happening I ’ contain it.I knew I ’ discovered something , hindsight I ’ quite know time.That day ’ outward manifestation inspired activity reading writing . As , I felt called immediately go read write . A thirst humanity ’ result , I wanted know everything . The insatiable activity I endlessly without moment considered ‘ work ’ , inspired insatiable energy day everyday.The mistake I ended making day I ’ channel calling activity , , I ’ selfish it.Rather , I channeled external forces I already controlled by.I path fast growth technology start ups , takeaway : “ I enjoy practicing productivity , personal growth philosophy , I make productivity apps ( evolved learning software ) help people best way I know how. ” Though I ’ productivity nerd love optimizing everything ( I read write ) , activity I channeled wrong one . The activity selling software large enterprises ’ make voraciously enthusiastic.Had I called code ( Zuckerberg ) , perhaps would different story.It ’ make want tear every day . It still took immense amounts willpower show ultimately never lasts want something fulfills day brings absolute best.So I made two mistakes : One , activity selling software ’ uniquely decided talent.Two , I thinking ‘ serving others ’ incorrectly . I thinking I need help people ’ sake would make enthusiastic voracious work day . But incorrect.I need practice activity I ’ best enjoy , I wake daily feeling best becoming best day becomes ultimate goal.When flywheel gains momentum , begin expanding faster faster rates , begin see evidence unlimited potential within ( eventually capacity belief create change global scale ) belief ’ possible goes roof.This ultimately make biggest impact humanity — maximizing potential.I ’ realized selfish ’ fatefully mine , held back — likely holds others back.And ’ selfishness makes human unlimited potential.This important makes “ work ” enjoyable , ’ ( ) . “ The neurochemistry drives animals promote genes drives care legacy . Understanding important happiness. ” — Dr. Loretta BreuningSo We Know How To Pick Our Activity , But What Creates The Endless Enthusiasm That ’ Voracious ? Now know Mark Zuckerberg driven serve humanity motivated “ connect world ” , driven ? When someone says problem pisses bad , want commit solving , ’ committing ( selfish ) emotion.Not suffer ( though re-contextualizing touch impact others make meaningful , intent drive still comes overcoming personal challenge making difference , fulfillment live meaningful life ) .So next time someone says care future humanity want make dent better , ’ know yet learn hard way need something ’ expansive first , become good enough enough people notice care.Because others selfish too.So Zuckerberg , said : What meant first started Facebook : “ I ’ best coder maker software , girls ’ like , I used skill create site girls would like me. ” This well known Zuck ’ initial motivation ’ big deal uncommon.Most mens motivation driven find mate , ’ huge fear never attract one.As evolved attracting mates satisfied , went beyond girls everyone around college.As surpassed college evolved , became colleges America.As surpassed college students across America , evolved became “ I want connect world ” every great mans primal conquest ‘ leave legacy ’ ‘ change world ’ .This Zuckerberg never worked day life best performers never . They voracious enthusiasm primitive nature takes become best.They ’ found activity ’ unique , get ’ brain light ’ working , adding expanding makes working much fun fulfilling . Every moment fire yearning more.So appears work causes greater , ultimately end creating something us , drive comes something else.The drive comes intrinsic selfishness love ’ makes us feel like maximum control , agency impact others ( world ) .Like many , I overcame childhood challenges I carried recently , obsession expressing writing.I ’ writing , I make well dense I touch impact many can.If think selfish , . But ’ required best impact others best way I can.If ’ anything ’ exceptionally selfish , ’ voracious enthusiasm required live life ’ electric expansive , every single day.This many corporate workers hard time happy work , structure corporate enterprises ’ built people expand , ’ built people maintain themselves.There ’ room pushing expanding point people think ’ possessed ( , good way ) giant company ( , everyone think ’ weird , make fun wonder ) love.People think ’ hard work talent luck things ’ not.What gave Musk risk appetite put life savings $ 180 million line ’ made hard earned sale company . It ’ others , ’ evolution.I finally decided follow calling read write nothing else mattered . The lack ‘ proper funding runway ’ bank account , risk . Nothing mattered.This wealth I ’ ever need.This sages referred “ called God ” Millenia.This religious scholars pushed serve others masterfully writing best religious books , Elon Musk Mark Zuckerberg driven build world changing companies now.This drives best founders work time , ’ work — ’ them.This makes best writers read write time , ’ work — ’ them.This best artists , musicians creators practice 10,000 hours . They ’ discovered born best , never worked day lives , sure hell put 10,000 hours , loved every minute it.3 . Find What ’ Meaningful To YouThere number ways arrive personal truth.Many driven past suffering , personal challenge overcome — re-contextualized hidden gift.We know Zuckerberg , us issue overcome.I overcame small self treated I want treated wrote viral article I ’ ever written it.My friend short proved world big becoming massive business person.I ’ saying ’ ideal , ’ tide , take it.Ta-Nehisi Coates changed life talk New York Public Library — I pissed injustice blacks talked about.I ’ writing film scripts tv screenplays eradicate problem painful emotion brings me.An emotion I want channel work affect others.Overcoming suffering connecting others suffering , re-contextualizing overcome common way live voracious life voracious work.In pioneering book , Flow , Psychology Optimal Experience , Dr. Mihaly Cziksentmihaly suggests : Acknowledging suffering trauma , even childhood , hidden gift . It ’ job interpret possible challenge , thereby embracing better . This gives purpose . Then recognize ’ whole world others like suffer problems . It becomes mission become best impact others problems.Cziksentmihaly calls ‘ dissipative structuring ’ , ability draw order disorder.He suggests : “ The challenge becomes generalized people mankind whole. ” He provides beautiful story ( anonymous ) successful high profile person suffered child called “ E ” .E ’ parents came America nothing dreams financially poor . On 7th birthday , bought bicycle.One day riding , hit car wealthy doctor . The doctor promised cover hospital bills father ’ report police . His father , really choice believe doctor , agreed . The doctor disappeared nowhere found . E ’ father forced debt never recovered becoming alcoholicCziksentmihaly continues say : “ This event could trauma left ’ scar E. Forever , turning cynic would look self-interest matter . Instead , E. drew curious lesson experience . He used create life theme gave meaning life , helped reduce entropy ( helplessness ) experience many others . He decided become lawyer , better life , make certain injustices suffered would occur easily others position . Once set goal , resolution unwavering. ” E ended becoming leading attorney , judge became aid President United States fought civil rights policy legislation immigrants minorities.Dr . Cziksentmihaly concludes : “ E ’ example illustrates several common characteristics people forge discovered life themes . In first place , theme many cases reaction great personal hurt suffered early life . To orphaned , abandoned treated unjustly.The external event never determines theme . What matters interpretation ( meaning ) one places suffering. “ So next question , kinds explanations one ’ suffering lead negentropic life themes ? If child abused violent father concluded problem inherent human nature , men weak violent , would much could it.On hand , find purpose suffering one must interpret possible ( personal ) challenge , becomes generalized people mankind whole . In E ’ case , formulating problem due helplessness disenfranchised minorities , father ’ faults . E able develop appropriate skills confront challenges saw root wrong personal life . Thus , whatever solution found problems would benefit , many others besides . This altruistic way generalizing solutions typical negentropic ( positive interpretation ) life themes brings harmony lives many. ” ConclusionThis many people driven succeed . If want become best change world , first step start telling hard truth.What ’ ? What brings best ? Why want change world ? The answers neither good bad , ’ conditions make us human.For Mark Zuckerberg , started coding get girls . Now ’ connect whole world.For , ’ writing proving world.What Is It For You ? Our wiring sophisticated minds come kinds ways assign meaning events.If want change world like Mark Zuckerberg Elon Musk , starts living voracious enthusiasm , state makes every moment electric exciting — ’ never work , ’ growing yourself.You ’ driven maximize potential get ’ pushed higher higher levels faster faster grow.Your ideas get bigger begin impact people.But know , people impact , less need think potential , need think maximizing yours.Work way ’ much fun changing world ’ even matter.It ’ people get lucky wake one day realize ’ changed world like Elon Musk Mark Zuckerberg.Art Juan JiminezArt Juan JiminezThanks reading . Input email never miss article receive ebook 36 principles become best world do.This story published The Startup , Medium ’ largest entrepreneurship publication followed 275,554+ people.Subscribe receive top stories .
Five Things I ’ Learned Short-Term Travelling
I began short term ( sometimes business related , sometimes ) travelling adventures little two years ago , I visited 20 countries , met amazing people , saw great places never regretted going every single one trips.There countless opportunities types adventures ( ranging workshops , conferences , summer schools , winter schools etc ) , takes googling , persistence patience . During last two years I ’ accumulated many experiences trips I took , I share five key points I managed single out.1 . The best things life fully ( partially ) coveredWhen working living Eastern Europe , comes travelling two important factors determine whether opportunity often — time money . Most time either lack time OR money , need find mechanism works well ( possible ) .After struggling travel anywhere three years since I started working journalist local news agency , barely saved money , I said must another way.Then I started searching researching… And I thought , combine professional interests travelling ones ? So I started applying training conferences , workshops , fellowships , forums— whatever I could find . The beauty soon get accepted participate — fully partially covered , spend money ’ — precisely ! In cases everything trips covered — travel expenses , accommodation food , need bring ‘ case ’ money.2 . Once start , stoppingI first travel experience like back April 2014 Brussels , time I said I manage every six months — would awesome ! Boy , I wrong . During 2015 I two trips , maintaining tempo , constantly craving more.Last year , I managed 12 short-term trips ( ranging 2–3 days week ) — basically one per month… And I still think I could done traveling.Once wanderlust takes hold , ’ something switched . Often find planning next trip ’ completed last one.3 . You meet extra-ordinary people build lifelong relationshipsDuring last two years trips I ’ come across extraordinary amazing people — people I would otherwise never met I stayed home . Whether I talking Christoph Berlin , Marta Lviv , Zanele Swazilend Lyla Gongju — list could go — everyone I met journey changed different way made better person.With people get build lifelong friendships relationships , others ’ — ’ matter ’ talking online offline relationships , whether see person not.In fact , constant traveling I last year I got see international friends ‘ domestic ’ ones . When comes meeting people abroad — need keep open mind trust , ’ regret ! 4 . Be ready everythingThe two years one crazy ride , I ’ stayed youth hostels Vukovar , Novi Sad Sarajevo , luxurious hotels London , Berlin Seoul . My experiences differed people I met trips — quality accommodation never played important part . Of course , ’ extremely nice five star hotel , ’ limit expectations let define experience.I also learned must always give chance new unknown destinations . Sure , ’ always great visit Paris , London Barcelona , ’ skeptical going Vukovar , Odessa Rostov-on-Don . If ’ programs , I admit visiting cities would probably last thing mind.However , since experiencing places , I open visiting little known destinations throughout Europe world.5 . It ’ always hard return back homeThe hard part actually returning home . Post-travel depression always hits bad , especially ’ upcoming trips planned ahead . I still ’ found way cope feelings.The closest seen solution crisis , try write experiences — share motivation others , well.Clap share like article , let know things learned traveling , would great hear experiences !
Influential books I read last 2 years
Either I ’ become way better choosing books read , able get reading individual book I used . In case , surprisingly large number books managed contribute long lasting ideas mental repertoire last couple years , compared years prior . Here ’ brief summary . This much indiscriminate compilation reviews much ringing endorsement handful books I read . You ’ probably notice common themes running list . I ’ added negative comments books ’ tilt balance recommendation.Deep Work Cal NewportI first read soon came , early 2016 . And re-read year . It many solid ideas , based assumption success intellectual careers unfolding future depends extremely mentally demanding tasks ( “ deep work ” ) regular basis . Therefore , author — PhD theoretical computer science MIT — suggests organize life around work routine enables style work . You take inspiration variety people professions already operate manner , avoid bad habits like multitasking , use social media.I ’ managed incorporate ideas book work life last couple years observed good results . Off top head I list following : allocating big blocks time calendar deep work , conserving precious willpower able take work , cutting social media , seeking silence solitude , letting mind actually feel bored times gets used lack stimulation.I ’ restricted summary couple paragraphs , Newport goes elaborate detail meant deep work , economic value inflection point , manages intellectual energies . He proof success productive academic career far . I feel every knowledge worker going find enough things resonate within book , hopefully go try tips.2 . The Intellectual Life : Its Spirit , Conditions , Methods A. G. SertillangesThis early 20th Century book Christian monk referenced Deep Work . It extends Newport ’ economic value proposition intellectual work broader philosophy life , probably one suited academics theologians author ’ ilk . What ’ pertinent many us trending towards leading life today ’ intellectual climate , without consciously aware fact . The author draws upon life experience , one also rooted hundreds years monastic practice . Thus , book contains many subtle psychological nuggets , refined time presented beautifully simple English.For example : believes 4 reasons “ read ” , warns indulge . The reasons : formation — books lasting impact values , habits , attitudes etc . Obviously , number.for information — think specific documentation work related tasks.for enlightenment — general reading like newspapers magazines remain clued world around . Recommended moderation.for entertainment — probably made sense TV , video social media . He strong injunctions indulging novels . How quaint ! I use categorization whenever I find browsing mindlessly . It ’ easy fool oneself thinking reading entertainment . So able assign specific category material hand act check . The book delves Christian belief system occasion , often detract core content intellectual life.3 . A Mind Numbers Barbara OakleyThis innocuous little book , based popular online course author , packs powerful punch . Despite title , ’ mathematics . Oakley presents credible — enough ! — theory brain accumulates knowledge , retains recalls . Expertise demonstrated flashes insight also fit theory . Based , Oakley suggests routines practices help learn faster , recall better course , apply get crucial insights.If ideas book academic merit , I dearly hope become part common vocabulary students ages kinds . Phrases like focused / diffused modes thinking , chunking , active recall ( opposed re-reading ) , spaced repetition , power fatigue etc need everyone ’ lips order create productive society . Perhaps ideas already made mainstream pedagogy ’ lost translation ? I ’ know . But personally I ’ good success using concepts learning solving problems . I create time focused thinking , recall concepts I go daily chores , figure chunks best abstract piece information , on.The book dry , theoretical walkthrough , largely motivated author ’ emotional journey back STEM degree , miserable failure mathematics school . She also cites famous people worlds physics , medicine , art applied practices although ’ name . And happened borderline academic failures , like Oakley ! 4 . Peak Anders Ericsson Talent Overrated Geoff ColvinQuite frankly , I ’ surprised I ’ come across Anders Ericsson ’ work till ! Apparently , Malcolm Gladwell ’ popular book “ Outliers ” goes territory , new book Ericsson calls Gladwell misrepresenting core ideas . Ericsson ’ thesis way become expert skill follow style practice calls “ deliberate practice ” . A consistent application deliberate practice years bring within reach world class performers field . Notice stunning corollary genetics natural talents play far less role virtuosity generally believed . And also , expertise automatically transferable across domains , unless happen share common underlying concepts.Ericsson psychologist studying various kinds experts — particular acquire skills — many decades . Consequently , lot affirming evidence presents measured writing style still manages engaging . He fearlessly breaks myth genius around people like Mozart , Benjamin Franklin , modern musicians , Tiger Woods , chess grandmasters , marathon winners , memory champions etc.So deliberate practice ? First break skill acquired distinct , objective components measurable practice sessions . Then go working component — separately required — series exercises designed push current comfort zone . It ’ vital get continuous feedback practice ( preferably onsite coach ) , make adjustments go along . Practice nature mentally taxing ’ kept hours stretch . Musicians work manner , example , take deep nap immediately after.If keep practising manner , mental representation skill keeps getting refined easier recall . Finally , different components come together one fluid motion . Ericsson ventures brain studies well , showing people advanced ability certain fields — London cab drivers detailed knowledge city , example — develop different pattern brain cells time.All fascinating stuff , one hopes Ericsson ’ findings ’ disproved core . The catch course , coming specific set exercises mental representations correspond skill.Geoff Colvin popular journalist interpreted Ericsson ’ work layperson . His book predates Ericsson ’ years , hits roughly notes fairly accurate manner . It features anecdotes first person interviews former . Colvin also allows speculate widely nature expertise.If read books ( like , closely related one called The Talent Code ) , begin sense far-reaching implications . On individual level , shows clearly improve far think — whatever choose work — provided allocate sufficient time energy deliberate practice . If broader worlds education business viewed lens , suddenly appear Darwinian . Today good job spotting talent nurturing , offer little way hope shocking proportion people prematurely self-select even trying master complex subjects . This could remedied large extent.5 . The Startup You Reid HoffmanCompared rest lot , book swashbuckling ride . You get see Hoffman ’ version lies behind successful careers . Hoffman — many might know — one founders LinkedIn book radiates genuine affection giving specific actionable career advice . His premise era stable jobs well-defined career trajectories , today must treat career way entrepreneur treats startup ( hence title ) . At core , means always consider professional identity work-in-progress ( terms “ permanent beta ” ) willing adapt.Fundamentally , working developing competitive advantage , makes customer ( case employer ) choose others . He says competitive advantage function following things : market realities , abilities , aspirations values . Always keep eye whether market expertise . Significantly , independent whatever current employer paying skills . Similarly , assessing abilities introspecting values.Based assessment tells , create one main , ambitious plan action career progress set current default . At time , less ambitious one back , place refuge lets stay solvent things go horribly wrong . If operating conscious objective increasing competitive advantage , might also “ breakout ” opportunity — accelerate tremendously — might serendipitously present , well poised capitalize . He believes people remarkable careers usually took advantage least one breakout opportunity . But without acute awareness competitive advantage , market realities unlikely even notice chances . He adds plan ’ detailed project far future . A couple steps ahead currently , good rule thumb.My description book ’ contents far might make seem tad abstract , anything . Hoffman quite Silicon Valley insider long friendships top tier executives venture capitalists . So advice backed credible anecdotes companies like Paypal , Zynga , Draper Ventures others.By far best part book Hoffman ’ thoughts value professional network ( says “ I power We ” ) recommendations creating . He brilliant framing related issues . For example , notion allies , strong “ weak connections ” something keep mind get know people lifetime . He acknowledges people successful careers always operated enabling environment , goes far saying “ You ” book ’ title refers set people make individual success.Most repositories information — including article ! — sit passively created , leaving faint mental images done reading . No book pop shelf Saturday morning give rap knuckles failing follow . Hoffman tries address partly , providing exercises end chapter exhorting make plan , schedule meetings people think talk , on.6 . So Good They Can ’ Ignore You Cal NewportNewport gets encore list , thanks assiduous nature . When finish Ph.D find job , started researching careers , true form wrote book topic . He locates book inside somewhat contrarian outlook , done partly garner attention ( according admission ) . He wants people starting careers stop thinking “ following passion ” instead focus acquiring “ rare valuable ” skills . Passion often result useful skills able deploy satisfactorily . It neither necessary — sufficient — passionate something developing related skills.Newport believes craftsman-like approach work , progressively get better task , derive happiness good execution . This may appeal someone grand visions like address injustice society , tackle climate change etc . Newport ’ response comes form long segment end , called “ Mission driven life ” . He believes perfectly fine lofty goals , ’ assume let skip phase acquiring concrete skills . Also , sometimes happens worthwhile missions become clear ’ gained expertise . An extreme case graduate students embark Ph.D soon find disillusioned due lack exciting ideas . The missing link extensive knowledge field , prerequisite generating good ideas forefront.But rest book broadly applicable . How quest passion person young lead looking inwards non-existent answers , rather looking outwards society figuring needs . It also leads loss valuable time could otherwise spent acquiring skills . Newport draws quite anecdotes , studies books . Some feel far-fetched ( like archaeologist went host TV show ) , could argue enough people found competent never fulfilling career . But whole , suggestions feel sound . For example , Steve Jobs famous preaching “ follow passion ” mantra , took time figure “ passion ” , success initial computer sales made decide commit business , rather great childhood interest computers.Which brings arguably best part book : specific strategy deciding plan action , Newport calls “ little bets ” approach . While Hoffman stresses power networks conversations , Newport relies experiments . First identify handful promising future directions , possibility , commit small projects within fixed time frame . This generates real feedback , avoids wishful thinking various cognitive biases . He using approach determine research ideas deserve investment.Hoffman Newport different ways going things . Hoffman looks like inveterate hustler , always believing enough networking pivoting arrive better outcomes . Newport internally focused ( entire chapter devoted “ clarity craftsman ” ) places value expertise gained time , preferably solitude . The way I ’ like reconcile two noting appropriate . There time place hustling , similarly hunkering grind associated tackling mentally demanding problems . Being able could dramatically improve productivity.7 . The Road Character David BrooksIt ’ hard believe I read book little year ago , contents worked way broadly deeply psyche . You read detailed review back , found repeated echo last year idea people traverse long surprising arcs lives . It Brooks ’ rendering “ growth mindset ” aspects behavioural psychology . What I wrote reaching across aisle continues remain relevant . As society continues diversify individuals live within respective attention bubbles , common ground recede . So ’ hold person ’ views one issue definitive overall belief system , beliefs ’ change time . Applied oneself , book provides many cautionary tales moral sensual pitfalls ever present require diligent effort overcome .
How spend less , save , clean ( financial ) act
You feel : 2018 year finally get financial s**t together . But put new , healthy financial habits place—Start 401 ( k ) ! Get control credit card debt ! Pay student loans ! —you need take good , honest look wounds ’ inflicted budget . Chase Slate Financial Education Ambassador Farnoosh Torabi help rip Band-Aid . Promise : This hurt little . There ’ almost nothing less fun looking bank statements realizing spent $ 150 lattes last month . That ’ probably many us avoid looking statements , unless something ’ obviously wrong—we ’ rather reminded damage ’ . But adds , even seemingly insignificant expenses ( like daily $ 5 matcha break ) may problem realize . If ’ determined make 2018 year finally achieve goals ’ focused long ( # adulting ) , ’ going want detoxify spending habits—just like ’ cut back sugar alcohol month filled cookie baking boozy holiday parties . Yes , ’ hard work front , ’ looking tackle major life change—whether ’ buying house , getting debt , going grad school—you need money make happen . Here ’ make sure every dime earn helping get better place . 1 . Sweat details The first step , daunting may seem , figure every penny earn going right . That means printing credit card bank statements ( yes , every single one ) , grabbing notepad , diving . Create two columns : “ needs ” “ wants. ” Anything falls “ needs ” category non-negotiable : housing , car insurance , debt repayments . “ Wants ” things like travel , clothes , dining , souped smartphone . As go line , lookout surprises categories—you ’ probably forgotten things ’ paying . ( I recently realized I still paying $ 10 month Gogo inflight WiFi , I meant cancel free trial . It happens ! ) The important thing honest really need . You need cell phone stay touch friends family stay top things work , really need iPhone X ? One need often goes overlooked : savings . You devoting around 20 percent take-home pay savings debt repayment . If ’ quite , ’ like go beyond pursuit particular goal , free funds looking changes make “ wants ” “ needs. ” 2 . Cut It possible spend less essentials without making huge lifestyle changes . If ’ much left savings pay rent mortgage , think getting “ sometimes ” roommate—that , use Airbnb rent spare bedroom travelers , entire apartment ’ going town . That could net hundreds dollars every month . Or credit card payments feel like much burden , see transfer balance card 0 percent APR ( means may pay interest owe year ) . Cutting back non-essentials much easier . Food necessity , ordering Seamless every night necessity ? Probably . Give couple evenings week delivery dinners friends , rest time , commit cooking ( assembling , ’ speed ) . You could save $ 50 , $ 60 , even close $ 100 week packing lunch every day . 3 . Do ( side ) hustle If ’ pared expenses ’ still feeling squeezed , ’ going want look making money . I promise ’ hard sounds , ’ mean march boss ’ office demand raise right second . Instead , make like estimated 34 percent Americans take part gig economy . There ways ever monetize talents make money stuff already . If love animals , try pet-sitting couple times month site like Rover.com . Have car ? Sign service like TaskRabbit ( need submit application attend orientation join ) help neighbors run errands haul furniture . It ’ kind cool learn juggle multiple income streams , people find really enjoy thinking like entrepreneur—so much decide turn side gigs full-time jobs . 4 . Know score Taking stock money habits involves combing bank statements . Understanding credit profile ( AKA credit score credit report ) get long way towards achieving goals . If want buy car , home , anything requires taking loan , credit rating matters lot . It ’ going determine whether qualify credit , kinds interest rates attached credit qualify . The higher score—if ’ 750 , ’ good shape—the likely ’ earn lower interest rate , ultimately means money pocket . A difference even half percentage point interest rate save hundreds ( even thousands ) dollars course loan . There number easy , free ways keep tabs credit score . You ’ legally entitled free copy credit report year three major credit bureaus ; sites like AnnualCreditReport.com make easy sign three reports one place . For immediate sense standing , credit cards—like Chase Slate , instance—give customers access credit dashboard , check credit scores often want free . 5 . Set , ’ forget You ’ figured much money coming exactly much afford part month . The biggest challenge ? Staying track . Use technology advantage automating monthly bills leaning app website keep tabs well ( ) ’ sticking rules set . You Need Budget popular one—it links accounts assigns every dollar comes “ job , ” takes lot guesswork . Full disclosure : After initial free trial period , software costs $ 6.99 per month , ’ worth investment . 7/8 6 . Ask , might receive You never afraid ask break . Those surprise Gogo WiFi charges I saw statement recently ? I called said , “ I ’ even realize I still paying . Is anything ? ” Those key words : “ Is anything ? ” I ’ get full refund , customer service gave back cost three six months I ’ paid . If car , look much ’ paying car insurance . It could worth call insurance company say , “ Hey , I ’ driving much I used I work home week now. ” Or , “ I really good track record . Can better ? ” There many competing agencies , may able offer better rate . If ’ come , may time switch . 8/8 7 . Phone friend It ’ really important budget silo . Let friends family know ’ trying spend less save ; way , ’ aware priority offer support need . ( It may even inspire start . ) And , , find budget buddy—sort like workout buddy , money . Commit checking one another every weeks swap tips . They ’ help hold accountable ; ’ help hold accountable ; ’ much closer living lives want deserve . Farnoosh Torabi one America ’ leading personal finance authorities . From early days reporting Money magazine hosting primetime series CNBC becoming Chase Slate Financial Education Ambassador , ’ become go-to money expert . Millions Americans tune Farnoosh ’ award winning podcast , So Money , work advice featured The New York Times , The Wall Street Journal , O , The Oprah Magazine , Fortune , Forbes Time . For , check www.Farnoosh.TV . There ’ powerful New Year ’ energy air , ’ wait help harness . Now ’ track clean finances , learn detoxify mindset , diet , home , .
Face US Soccer since 2006 wants
U.S. Soccer Federation president Sunil Gulati seek fourth term , announcing decision two months Americans failed qualify next year ’ World Cup . “ I spent lot time thinking talking people many different positions — many told I run , ” Gulati told ESPN Monday . “ But end , I think best thing personally , federation , see someone new job. ” Gulati stepping away one tumultuous years 12-year tenure . He fired Jurgen Klinsmann last November string losses dimmed United States ’ World Cup hopes , though Klinsmann ’ replacement , Bruce Arena , came close salvaging bid , October loss Trinidad & amp ; Tobago forced resignation ended hope . On top challenges surrounding U.S. men ’ team , Gulati also trying reach terms new collective bargaining agreement women ’ national team amid public fight equal pay . “ Are things I would differently ? Of course , ” Gulati said . “ Unless ’ World Cup , things would differently . And , obviously , ’ win World Cup. ” Former national team players Paul Caligiuri , Eric Wynalda Kyle Martino among candidates election February . USSF vice president Carlos Cordeiro also running , Boston lawyer Steve Gans , New York lawyer Michael Winograd Paul LaPointe , Northeast Conference manager United Premier Soccer League . Kathy Carter , president MLS ’ marketing subsidiary Soccer United Marketing , considering bid . The 58-year-old Gulati , announced decision Monday , driving force USSF 30 years . He helped put together successful bid brought 1994 World Cup U.S. served executive vice president chief international officer U.S. organizers tournament . He also deputy commissioner Major League Soccer launch 1999 ; president Kraft Soccer Properties , operates New England Revolution MLS . Gulati unanimous pick March 2006 succeed Bob Contiguglia , served two terms . Gulati replaced Chuck Blazer FIFA ’ executive committee 2013 continues serve renamed FIFA Council . He also chairman joint U.S-Mexico-Canada bid committee hoping FIFA pick North America host 2026 World Cup . — AP
Leaving Google Friendz : handle miracle
When things get tough simply flat , many people turn motivational article bit inspiration extra thrill . From hairdresser famous fashion blogger , nerdish ordinary man successful entrepreneur : kind stories love read need nurture motivation.Here Friendz believe real inspiring experience comes courage overturn status quo exit personal comfort zone . Nothing jump anonymity public recognition . We consider extraordinary people dare break schemes , like leaving desk Dublin headquarter Google invest effort Italian startup Milan , example.Incredible , right ? In office , coffee break , met person abandoned pint Guinness beer us submersed tons questions.F : Hi Enrico , welcome Friendz Family ! Introduce get started ! E : Hi everybody ! My name Enrico Pasquotti , 31 years old I one crazy enough leave safe prestigious steady job new adventure ! F : Let ’ talk business ! As I find somebody Google joining us , question came mind : kind motivations drove decision leaving prestigious company world undertake new career startup ? E : Fair enough ! I quite familiar answering question ! I joined Google 2014 . I entering company named best place work 6 years row ( 2011–2017 ) . I obviously happy excited meet talented people keen learn much I could . And I : environment Google actually amazing I met wonderful people . I learnt lot initially.After I felt I stronger impact people rather business : I growing I wanted learning curve , course , reaching end exponential rise limit.I experienced true quote “ ’ better amazing career average company average career amazing company ” .That ’ I started looking new opportunities I could apply skills bring real added value.F : How find us ? E : I believe nothing life casual might seem . Friendz introduced good friend I met I working Boston Consulting Group . As often happens , best opportunities come network , interesting persons really choose , randomly meet . I really believe , fact , successful personal professional life , everybody needs invest time people , cultivating acquaintances workplace , concentrating delivering results.Returning back colleague BCG , one day sent email Cecilia , one founder Friendz , CC . The content message , less , : “ Enrico wants change life interested kicking startup . Friendz sounds like perfect match ! ” .From moment , I started get touch Friendz world . I still remember first time Daniele , Alessandro Cecilia came Dublin convince , enthusiasm , join team lunch Google canteen ! F : And tell us , founders finally persuade jump on-board ? What motivate join Friendz ? E : Actually , two main reasons I decided shake entire life follow crazy idea ! The first one I loved Friendz attitude energy since beginning ! During first weeks , I immersed family I really understood company working . It summarized 2 words : accountability direct communication . The second reason made choose Friendz strategic one : I saw huge potential startup , I loved vision I saw great opportunity global scalability . Not mention , idea approaching expansion ICO ! F : Yes right ! We ’ mention ICO project yet . Would like tell us details work importance Friendz ? E : The ICO project definitely something caught attention . While Dublin I great passionate social media cryptocurrencies , technical inspirational ones . I ’ studied topic invested ICOs . Hence , I got hint features made successful not.Friendz convinced coin offer : I remember I thought ’ better environment cryptocurrency . The founders ’ vision , addition , inevitable plus : ambitious dream , seeing Friendz small company world leader communication sector . I loved enthusiasm dedicating transform Italian startup international reality ICO process , something definitely new country.Hence , I , working side side make dream come true.F : Enrico , told us leading project Friendz globalization . Do already strategy mind ? Moreover , think challenges face factors make process smoother ? E : Good questions ! As I told , I really value network acquaintances I made past working experience I convinced already hidden bunch potential future collaborators . And since people important , Friendz invest recruiting best talents , aligned company philosophy , spread values around world . In next future , fact , I picture Friendz soulless multinational company global reality still loyal core principles.In regard , within 2018 plan bring Friendz principal European markets , proceeding expansion America Asia following years.To , open branches countries strategy fit best , establishing connection empowering network . Luckily enough , I ’ everything : I work side side great professionists make expansion smoother . By way , opened first office abroad , Spain , things going wonderfully ! An aspect taken consideration need continuously updated evolution technology enable us globally scale business . But scared : despite everything , investing energy project expansion strongly believe . The use cryptocurrency added value Friendz accelerate app international launch ! I also convinced increased degree interests towards services linked increased value coin , resulting higher purchasing-possibility . I confident success project I wait share first success . Let ’ keep touch updates ! Enrico , king GoogleWelcome Enrico family ! Enrico 's avatar : )
